>Actinomyces_johnsonii_F0510  coded_by=complement(9164..11506),organism=Actinomyces johnsonii F0510,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mssaatvegatsrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpervvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkeqlasqgdddpaaatkemlrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayndavghytkmfgpdahshglkpdlitdpvqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwppeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeeigltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgfdlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarreprkqhvlvwalfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfsqqweyldlpfvfqvlltlalfvwvfiiwramrqrlsnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwpeklaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdaftenalyeeikggrkawrgeraelnd
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=828..2255,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalllfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrhhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmedgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_170_str._F0386  coded_by=complement(73241..75583),organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 170 str. F0386,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mssaattegaasrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpervvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatnvkeqlasqgvddpaaatkemlrtnrydsstgtlvwtdeqvkayndavahytkmfgpdahshglkpdlitdpvqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwppeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeeigltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgfdlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarrepkkqhvlvwvlfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfaqqweyldlpfvfqvlltlalfvwvfiiwramrrrlsnehvanmpwmfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwpeklaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyyearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdtfaedslyeeikggrkawrgeraelnd
>Pelistega_sp._HM-7  coded_by=24783..27029,organism=Pelistega sp. HM-7,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgnykklwywllgillvtftllgylgsdvyrnappiptevkvattgevlmtredilqgqsawqstggmqngsifghgayqapdwtadwlhresitwlnlasqekfgitfdkaneeqkaileaaakkeyrtntidsneaitisprraqamkevakyyhalygddaslnstresyamksntladparrdklvnfffwstwvasaerpgkevtytnnwphepiignvpsvenvmwsiisvvvliagigllvwgwafstkhetepvaptidpistfkltpsqkalgkyafltvalfafqmfmggavahytvegqtfygielskwfpysllrtwhlqsavlwiaagfltaglflapivnggkdpkgqalgvnvlfvallvvtvgsfignylaiagqmpaelnfmlghqgyeyldlgrlwqfalflgiafwlflmarclvgafkqggdknllalftasvvaiglfygsglfygersniavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataamafifssmglvslrtattaslvsaclfmlggvpgtfhhlyftgattpivavgasfsalevvplvvlgyeayehwslrtraawmeklrwplmffvavafwnmigagvfgfmintpialfylqglnttavhahsalfgvygflalgfvllvvrylrpnfvfsngvmklafwalnlglagmvlssllpiglfqfhesvnvglwsarseeflqqdflenlrwirtisdvlfiigglsagleickavflhrapkn
>Arenimonas_donghaensis_DSM_18148_=_HO3-R19  coded_by=complement(113901..116180),organism=Arenimonas donghaensis DSM 18148 = HO3-R19,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msstkklwlglaallvvsfsallwvgseihrvmppipeqvvttsgevvftrddiqtgrvvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwtadwlhreaveildrwaraeysapgydalgkpeqaalqsrlqdmlrtntfdeangtividddrlaainnvsahyqslfsndpatrslreayamkeatvadaehrrqmtafywwtswtavtqrpgkeisytnnwpydplvgneppsnllmwtvfsvlfliagiallgwhyavnherdedpklpltdplaevkvtpsmkatakyfwlvvalfltqillgamtahyqvegqdfygfalseilpysltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyigpaisghepkyqalgvnvlwvcliiivvgsfagqwfavmqklglannfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflflglgiwltlvgrclvpairmggesksittllflstvaiglfygagllwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftklgliktttatiavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptavialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayhtfklgkstpwmqrykwpilffvavafwnlvgaglfgflinpplplyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmkpqaiwpeaplrtafwslniglsgmalftllplgilqvnaamnhgywfarsaefmqqpivdmlvwmrvpgdtlfsvgalalawfvlrlwiapksvpvpvdgatesar
>Haliscomenobacter_hydrossis_DSM_1100  coded_by=complement(2905156..2907402),organism=Haliscomenobacter hydrossis DSM 1100,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mksekklwiafalvmgisfavllyygyeiyqqappvpqevvttegevlfsgqdikdgqnvwqsmggqevgtvwghgaylapdwtadwlhreaefmlniysaadfnqrfdkinseqkaalvqrlqnelrkntfnpqtqtltvsplrkeaiahlsnyysalftdapeldqlrsdyaipknaikdstrmrqmtgfffwaawacvterpgekisythnwppdeqvgnkptgdlilwtgfsvvmlllgigilifyhaktkeeegpaapkedplmrqnitpsmkavkkyfwivnllillqvlmgvitahygvegngfygfplsdyfpyavtrtwhvqlailwiatawlatglyigpslsgsdpkfqklgvnflfyallvivlgsmagqwmgimqklgfvsnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifllvglllwlllmirpilpvirkkteekhllilflvsctaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflflrmgllqtktatnnvlfatiiflsggilgtfhhlyftgtpkavmalgatfsalevvpliligfeafhnyrlskatewlkdykwpiyyllsvsfwnflgagifgfvinppialyymqglnttavhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvfrslyrnikwnekllaisfwsinigllamvllsllpigflqtvasvnhgmwyarsaefmqlphmhtlkwlrvvgdtvfsigtvtlcwfvfsldrtskrqqsn
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=1757614..1758960,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvallyfygaltlflaqvsfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgcayylvpeeaenelfspllaklqfwlffgaagvavvgyllhyhegrefleqpfvikvgivvvcliflfnitmtvlkgrkttitnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftvqmtwkagrkhenraallwsvgcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlammtyaipqlrgrapynqalsiasfwlmctamsvmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgqgymevqdqialfywvrlgsgvavlisalmfvwailvagrtkqatltgalqpae
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=38453..40738,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhgsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(16746..19031),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhgsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_FA_1090  coded_by=complement(1226096..1228207),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae FA 1090,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
mtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Geobacter_sp._M21  coded_by=3522981..3524354,organism=Geobacter sp. M21,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mktiefesqrvslwyfrlalvlfilqvimglwlsinyaftlpqelvdvfpfstareihtntlvawmllgfmggtyyilppecdrelystkiaylqliifvtaavtavigflfgwtrgkplleipfplnalivvaallfianvamtiikakvrtalqwmllggvtflalmylfgmpfyrnlntdyyywwwvihlwvegaweivtasimayiimrvtgverhlvekwlyvetglflftgivgtghhyywigapdywlwwggifsaleplpivlmvvdtwmhvrerrnpivnpltwyyivglaiyhlvgagfwgfmhtlppvnrythgsqitvshghlaffgayallnltifyfamprlkgitkyhdtagrwgfwittiamfmlglvfgiagilqtylerfldigystaqqtmmlwfriafgiglvflggvlvtiwhlftlrpsdkaapeevivtpagni
>Lautropia_mirabilis_ATCC_51599  coded_by=2262..4526,organism=Lautropia mirabilis ATCC 51599,definition=hypothetical protein
mkeykrlwvilaiimigaftvlgyfgkevynerppiptafvsedgktvyteediyagqtawqsiggmsigsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrevlnwldqqaqrqfgknfeqlserdkatlsydskvafrtntfdkatnkvtlsedrirsiqsvaayydklfsddpafqklrsayamkentlpdpelrskmaafffwsawaastnrpgldvtytnnwphepligneptpenviwsiasvvtlifgigliiwvwaffthqqhieveapkadplslikltpsqkalgkyllvvaalflvqvllggatahytvegqnfygiplseylpytltrtwhiqssifwiatgflaaglflvpiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalivvvvgsfggqfvalkgwmatnlnwwfghqgyeyvelgrvwqlalfvglvfwlvlmmrgiylalrapgdksllilftmaaaaigifyapaliygehthisimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatcsvgfvfynlgvvskhtattasllaamlfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpitaigamfsalevvplvllgydafenwtvqhkaiwmkpmrwplmffiavsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislyylqglntaanhghaslfgvygflalgfslmvlryirptlklnnrlmgisfvalnlglalmlftsllpvgiiqanasisvglwwarsaefveqtpiihtlrwvrtigdmificgaaayglqmvlglmhketgaeveka
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae  coded_by=complement(252972..255263),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae,definition=Putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvitsttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_31A  coded_by=complement(2385960..2388251),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae 31A,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvitsttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae  coded_by=complement(30750..33041),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvitsttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-92  coded_by=32388..34670,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-92,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mqntrrlwiwlalicllsfaalgwvgreifvhappipkqvvssqgdalfsegqvqrgqeawlagggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhreaialreiwaqrdlgvafahlqpsqqaqldarlktemrrntydatsgvitlsadraaavakvaqhyidlfgidpgldalreqfampanilrdaadrqalaafffwsawsaatdrpgenqlsytsnwpheplvgntptagtgiwsiasvilmlgaiaamiffhstaheagdptppradplfnmkvtpsmlatrkyfyvvialilaqvgmgvitahyavegtsffgfplaeilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgsepkfqrlgvnvlfyalllivagstvtgwlgtlqnlgndysfwignqgleytsmgrvwqillfvglliwvgllgralmpalrtpsesrgliamvflaamciggfyatslawgqqthyamieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraatansaiiletivfmfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviaigamfsalevvplamigveawrnyqrsqaapwvqaykwpilcfiavgfwnvvgagllgftlntpialyymqgmnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrglseraawsdkllaltfwslniglammvfmslvpagiyqawasisegvwfarspafvhsswmetfvwlrvpgdivfalgtlclavfagrllivrrspaavasanafagktm
>Archangium_gephyra  coded_by=complement(3795923..3798223),organism=Archangium gephyra,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mnaeprrrefllsrgwvqaavlvmlfgffvlgllayrahtdsaplpertvtpdgrtvytredilagqeiflrnglmqygsvyghgaylgpdytadylrrsalfvreriggqedaaaprtvkdfkenryaadtgtlvltaeqaeafetlakhyhasfsrpdtamglrpgaitdeadtrrltaffawtawtsstlrpgkdytytnnwppeprvgngptgpmvvwsvlsliallggigllmavfgrwnflgwhgheqrtvsfrrpsevsltpsqracawfflvmavlflmqallggatqhyraelasffgfnlatllpfnlartwhvqlallwvatsylaagiflaplvagheprgqhwlaygllgalavvvfgsmagelagihgwttsvwfgnqgfeyldlgrfwqvllsvgllfwvvllfrvlrrqlrtesaanmpwlffysalaipafyavgllarpdshftltefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttlmvayifvllgvvservalrviyldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpaehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawsflrlgreqdakshapfphrwailflvsvgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltsnhghaammgvygmlavalalfalrylipeerwseraaklsfwslnlglawmvfatlfplgvlqlhesvshgyhearqldfltservellewmrlpgdalfilggvlplvllcwrgvrhrvphteqtgpepaplftrvdgaagpfegqp
>Leptospira_terpstrae_serovar_Hualin_str._LT_11-33_=_ATCC_700639  coded_by=204012..205361,organism=Leptospira terpstrae serovar Hualin str. LT 11-33 = ATCC 700639,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigmdglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqliswvvvgviaiigfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtldsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgknhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlitamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnltgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagiaqvylerklgmdflvvqkeiefhfvgmllaatlftvgityfivdfirhglpsnealgknvgdld
>Cellvibrio_japonicus_Ueda107  coded_by=complement(1790708..1792945),organism=Cellvibrio japonicus Ueda107,definition=nitric oxide reductase qNor type
mseyrklwwlliailivtfsllgyfgrevyrqappipaevitdtgkrlmtndsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelqqwlelaardeyqqpyaelsaaqqhqlqfalkqayrtntynpdtqqllvserraqaiahtadyysrlfsdapelqgtresyamkentlpsperrarlaefffwtawaaaterpgadvtytnnwpheplidnrpsaenilwsiisivlliagvggliwawaflrkeedvppvpatdpitsfaltpsqkalgkylflvvalfsfqvllggftahytiegqqfygidvsqyfpysltrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdprfqklgvdilfwalvavvvgsfignylaiahimpaewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrvwqigkftgivlwlvlmlrgiasalrqpgdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygertvlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifynmglvsrthataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlkqraawmnnikwpllffvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirptlvfderlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpigliqlhasvaeglwyarseefmqqdlletlrwirtfgdvvfivgalavawqvvkgvfgqra
>Shewanella_sp._HN-41  coded_by=complement(154003..156288),organism=Shewanella sp. HN-41,definition=nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mskqkltaialllvliasftvllsvgseiyrekppiptafidvngqvvfsendieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaeawldlraeqqyqtpftqlnsqekagleqalrddlrhnsvepqadgtsliklsstrveaisrvtqhylslfgddpklsslreqyamkegtvpdlarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdapytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggllwhhasgkheslpkpseqdplfftkptasqkavgkyfitavglfllqillggitahyavegqefygfplseilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkyqrlgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqvlllvglliwlalvtaaikpalkvqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhsnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsangavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkaspwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagmlgflinppislyyiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgnmqwnnkmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywyarspevihsplverlvwmrmfgdvifsvggllmgaflvdlirralnkspklqeellqpnn
>Rhodanobacter_thiooxydans_LCS2  coded_by=complement(76720..79017),organism=Rhodanobacter thiooxydans LCS2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msiaaqpltaedpelspwwlrtvlivmvlgfagllaittlayrnappipahvvdvqgnqlfsgddirdgqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaaalhrfaedatdaiaqqqyhqplaelaparqaavraetavelktnrydpasdtlqltapevaayhqqvphwtdyflhperngglkaglitdptelhqftafvtwaawasvanrpgenysytnnfpydpavgntpvpgallwsalslivllagiavvllmfgkfdylgwisrgqhihphllpgvtgpgqralvkffvvvallflmqtlvggaaahyradpgsfygfqletifpsnlmrtwhlqtaifwiatayvaaalflgrtlrsdeprwfapwvhllfgafvvviggsllgewlgisqvlgkwwfwlgnqgweflelgrlwqlllvvgllvwfamvwllvrprslanpeskplvkmflfatvaipvfyipalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldgilyflggligtghhwyftgqtsvnmamsamisvlevvpltlltldawdfvrttrgkcdicgksvavphrwtfyfliavgvwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyevgtqltpnhghaammgvfgmlalalmvfvlrqtssderwagmekyvrtgfwgtniglammvvfslfpsgvlqvwdviqhgywharsldyigsprshliewmrlpgdlvfiifgaipltiaaikgwlgvrasppsa
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0077R  coded_by=12348..14639,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0077R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0080R  coded_by=218223..220514,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0080R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0097R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0097R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0111R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0111R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0184R  coded_by=216458..218749,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0184R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0183R  coded_by=216458..218749,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0183R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0232R  coded_by=43975..46266,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0232R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0275R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0275R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0283R  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0283R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0287R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0287R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0301R  coded_by=199636..201927,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0301R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0331R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0331R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0332R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0332R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0393R  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0393R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0396R  coded_by=216871..219162,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0396R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0442R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0442R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0446R  coded_by=12073..14364,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0446R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0469R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0469R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1844R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1844R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1845R  coded_by=216696..218987,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1845R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1895R  coded_by=216645..218936,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1895R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtliqvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Mumia_flava  coded_by=<1..1829,organism=Mumia flava,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
vaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgvlpeaadrealaafffwtswaaaadrpgetdisytsnwpheplvgntmtggaavwsmvsivlllggiaamlwlhgsskheeesaplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglmlvqigmgaitahyavegesffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Sulfurihydrogenibium_azorense_Az-Fu1  coded_by=complement(1359159..1361381),organism=Sulfurihydrogenibium azorense Az-Fu1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome B subunit
maeersykkwfvtfliglivavllftgftvyqiknvppipkevkgatgtlytyddvvqgkayfqkyvlmdqgsilgnggyigpdytammldkkirhleeiysqkmlsknfdslnpaekayidalvkkdmrevsvlkpdttqitpeheqaflkakqelvefltkgnpnysliggiikpeeaekiaafvdwsalvaasprpgsnltytnnwppeprigltasfsslawslvavmaiwtltivvlwafydyfmkfngekpepsltitsltpmqqkvlkfvplvplffflqvvmggylahlyadpahswiipqsllpfnaarsfhlnlavlwiaigwlagglfiaplvtkgkdfkfpiavdilwialvivglgglaglwlgalgklpdnlwfwfgnegreyielgrlwdigivvglvlwfaivfftirkaekitpplqmiiwssfaiavlylagmapltkimpnftvddyfrwwvvhlwventfelfaagtmafltvalglvsvrfatimmffeaflivatgtigtghhyfwmgenemwiawggvlssleplplvilmveaykeyahvshkdfpfrmafiwlagsaflnwlgagfygmivnlpivnyyehgtyfgiahghvallgafgyvaiaflyfivranalakglhwdeklsnlafglttagiflyaiptmvigtkqfqwayeigywaartrevleglgfwmwirivpdamiligsalilvdivyklylspkesvsyktsp
>Elizabethkingia_meningoseptica_502  coded_by=143819..146062,organism=Elizabethkingia meningoseptica 502,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkvppipekiittegqvlysgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillqkelrtntfdeasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdayaipvntvkdigrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiifltggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Elizabethkingia_meningoseptica  coded_by=31541..33784,organism=Elizabethkingia meningoseptica,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkvppipekiittegqvlysgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillqkelrtntfdeasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdayaipvntvkdigrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiifltggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Eikenella_corrodens_CC92I  coded_by=complement(133422..135677),organism=Eikenella corrodens CC92I,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykklwlslivvltitfsilgylgvevyrqappfpeayvsadgktviskddvlagqsawqstggmelgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnisaqeqhgkmfdelnadqqaalkaalteeyrngsrvgadgkvvlsdtrikaieavapyyitlygndpsmektrehfamknntlpdetrrqrltnfffwtswaaatnrpnhdatytnnwpheplinnvpttenvmwsvasivfllagvgllvwgwsflhkhesepqlpdtdpiskvqltpsqralgkyvfltvalfivqillggltahytvegqrffgiplsdwfpyalvrtwhlqsaifwiatgfltaglflapvvnggkdpkfqalgvnalfvalfivvggsyggnflalshampahlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkdknadknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapgllygehdsltvmdywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvalafifynlglvsrksatvaslvaaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplillgkeahehwayqhatpwmkrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpdyefeeklmsygfwmlnlglvgmiatsllpagviqiyaaihdglwmarsegfmqqdslvmlrwirtisdlvfiaggccvawqatkivfskgtgkkta
>Propionibacterium_acnes_KPA171202  coded_by=complement(2139021..2141267),organism=Propionibacterium acnes KPA171202,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
milgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartghvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii_subsp._freudenreichii  coded_by=975..3389,organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mpsknqptteqvaktkqraetvsayaskgwvqavafvmllgfgimaalamrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=974..3388,organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mpsknqptteqvaktkqraetvsayaskgwvqavafvmllgfgimaalamrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Pyrobaculum_aerophilum_str._IM2  coded_by=2161205..2163370,organism=Pyrobaculum aerophilum str. IM2,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mkngwtyfvlaatvlvyvvyiamavwtfynlppipervvtksgellftaqdiiegktlaqkyglldygsflgfggyfgidytaytmkffvdkigqlkgtalaseikhlmtpqfsaktsslfapaagvavvsdefgaaykqavdfykqlfgpkaeeiglkpnlitdpehvrkivsfftwgvmiamanytngfpympgiltpnihvtvatwvtffilllvimplagwiiikfidywkepritvdlpppskeqrlallgfvlavlglsiqgllggylmhkytepstlygisginnvlpfnvaralhynlallwiavswvsfalfvlpylgvklskgkvlailgagaftalgillgvwssylqllpdplwfiigsqgrpvisqgtlwllliaallsylsvtvwrasktspepiqplvkilsialagtafgafmgalpvvtpwwhftideyfrwiiihsfvegfwpaivipillillviagmvppkmavaaagldatleivtgmigtahhyywggqptlwmyvgavmstlevlpigfliayavvlwkrgeyktelqktlltfvlvaafggaigvvafgaglinmpvvnyylhgsqatmvhahlampmaygvptmlmwtvafalagafgavqlrrlrmavvimavgfylqvtlslmllmtnqfvtttqvgywaskaifapdgtpafwsrqdiqmyvwlrmigdvvaavgigtfliymlrglpkvfkt
>Glaciecola_arctica_BSs20135  coded_by=complement(84217..86499),organism=Glaciecola arctica BSs20135,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mqtyqqtfsikrlwiilivgmiamfgillflgaeiyqkappmpqtvtsssgevlytlndietgqnvwqsiggmeqgsiwghgsylapdwsaewlhreaetllglmlktpitglseeqntalrkaalqkemrtnsydpatgnimvtdlraeaikkvgnhfvrlyvgsdpeslalrrdyafpvhgllteveakqlssfyfwtawgattnrpnlditytsnwpheplvgnkpttellmwsiasvllllagagaliayyakqfdvwqndalpetgmakadlvdstivtpsmratakyfwvvsamflaqvllgiitahyavegqglyglpfaeylpytvtrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyvaplmggrepkfqrfgvnflffslliivigsflgqwaavhrffsdltmnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiyltiglflwvalvmrglwpvlmqkggksliylvlvsaiaigllyaaglmwgqhthiaimnywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataiisllfvrmgilrkstatvmvlfatiiflfggvlgtfhhlyfsgtptsviavgamfsalevvpllvvgfeaytrhkvehmeqwqrnyhwpfmffaavlfwnlvgagifgfminppialyymqglnttanhghaalfgvygmlglgltlyclrgltnidfwnqkllkisfwslniglammtflsllpqgviqtyvsidqgyffarsaefihspimealvwarvpgdivfsvgvvafvcfvykafvpgknhnnqai
>Haloterrigena_turkmenica_DSM_5511  coded_by=887680..890913,organism=Haloterrigena turkmenica DSM 5511,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mslstllpdsgrlgtdgrreatgsvtnrlessaetvgelstrvrdaasrratdvaeravdelleravdrsaddllaasevggggngaaelgsddpldralenflrrygldgdrlddrtldairtrlsvagadadaedlleevlsdrstsgaesadgtdlpaddpfaeacsrlrarldgtaerpvdrlledllerdavvvgheleralteelpslvadleaelaqmessgsapsrartldagsnddpddgpagrgrsmsvrsavtmavaattllsdgdgvdpavgelatsllqvsdggvpiervfselvpllvrsgaerdrgldalrsnsagslalvglfvanlaamtlgayvsrkrappipneirgpngepvvtdeqvrtgkkafqanglmnqgsvlgngsyfgvdltadaleskaeymreyyarqrgsdsfeslsegdraaverrvereldadapkddvarysaaevyahrrlreayvdryyggspergipqgyvdspeeaariadfacwtawmahtnrpdsdhsftndwpyvpgtgnrptgqvvvwstisvvlliagggfgvwayhsfdvaepttdlvdvpspdsvsvtpsqyaaaryvpvagalfvaqalvgaylahyyvertgfygigealgidlvsllpfsvgrawhvnlgilwittlwlagglflpglfterdppwqaegatallgalvaitvgafagvwlgtrgafgspgsgddgdlwwwlgsegleylevgrvwklgllagfatwtglvlrgvrqldepatglghfvtyaggsialmfaasmlytpetnmavtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffvtavisaalvsmdliekadaerailfevfaimaagivgvshhywwvglpdiwvpigttfstlefvplvfvlyrslgeyrslraqgeefpytlpllfilgssvwnfvgggvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvahahtatfgafgllalglgtyilrvvtpesawnpawfrgafwltnigltvmtvasllpvgflqlqaayqdgyaaarslefyeqdhvqtllwartlgdtpmilgalaftaasvrhlwdarkrrleaa
>Aromatoleum_aromaticum_EbN1  coded_by=111129..112511,organism=Aromatoleum aromaticum EbN1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkytsqsvalpyfiaaiglfvgqivfglamglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeaetelyspklallmfwiflvagaatilgylfvdyatlaemtgnnilatmgrefleqplltkigivivalaflfnismtmlkgrktvisivmllglwglaifflfsfynpgnlvkdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvsgligtghhyfwigtpgywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvltmisyamplmrgraansqraqvaemwsfwlmtismvfivlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmpfmqvqdqialfywmrlwagvvfavglvtyvasffikgeskplitp
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root561  coded_by=131206..133515,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root561,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mneaaqpltdddtelspwwlrtvalvmvigfagllavtllayrnappipakvvdaqgavlfsgddirdgqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaealhrlgedtaaaiagtqygkpvaaldarqqaavhaetavtlktnrydaqsgvlqliepeavayrqqigywtdyfkdptkngglkpslitdpaelhqftafvtwaawasvamrpgtdasytnnfpydpsvgnvatgsallwsalsllvllagiatvllafgkfdylgwisrghhvhpqllpgqssrgqralvkffvvvallflmqtlvgggvahfradpgsfygfqlenifpsnllrtwhlqtaifwiatayvaaalflgrslrapddeprwlagwvhvlfaafvvviggsllgvwagieqklgnlwfwlgdqgweylelgrvwqyllvvgllvwfailwvlarpravanvaarplakmfmfaavaipvfyvpalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattivaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldailyflggligtghhwyftghtnfnmslsalfsvlevvpltlltldawdfvrttrgdcdvcgkavavphkwtfyflmavgfwnfvgagmfgfflnlpivsyyevgtqitpthghaalmgvfgmlavalmvfclrqassdarwpgiekyvrvafwgtniglmlmilmslfpsgvmqlwdvlkhgywharsaeyvamprshlvewlrlpgdlifigfgaiplviasikgwlgvradaraear
>Halobiforma_lacisalsi_AJ5  coded_by=complement(105125..107452),organism=Halobiforma lacisalsi AJ5,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mkvtrkqlatflaaifvanlivmgggawlsyqnspdipetvvgpdgetiatsadvqegkmvfqenglmnqgsmlgrgsyydvdytadslelktehmrdyyaqeehgtayadlenaeqaaidatvrqelqsstpgeqveysaaeayaheqvrqeyveryyegdrergiqeglipteeeaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpdsdasftndfpyspaagndaggpvmtwsviamvllvggaglaiwlyraielpepeadgvtiphpkeidltpsqllstrfiligallfvlqtflggllahyyverndffglhevlgidileflpwtitrtwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreprrqalyvkgligallvvavgglagiwlgvnnvfdgqlwwllgnegleyleigrvwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpetnfvmtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffilvvialtlvsmnllskksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstiefipllfilyealgqyramsgagksfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfqsgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttrsekwsekrlrwsfwlcnvglalmlflsllpvgflqlevaftegyaaaralefyeggliqtlfwlrmpgdtllilgavvfawdvaakllfqrkptdsttddhviadrifaadepvdepvepvsddd
>Veillonella_sp._AS16  coded_by=388..2631,organism=Veillonella sp. AS16,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgeykkywiavvavlvigfsilgylgtdvyhqappvpiayvsrdgqvlftkedilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsvmldiksqqafgvlyeqlgpaqqaavkevvkaeyfksavredgtvvlsperiaamnitgqyfvelygdnpklsetrdhfamkdntlpelqdridmarfffwttwmasaqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesiawsvvsviillcgigivvwmwafgrkqddheltppaedpisklnltpsqrslgkylftilalfllqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamsflsaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsfagtylgvaheipaalnfylghqgyeyielgrvwqwieyigilfwlvlmvrsiigafknkgdknliaafifsvvmvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvtlglvsyragtiaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstvvatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagifgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalnwglalmvlisllpigliqgwasvtqglwlarsedfmqqpllqnlrwlrmvgdtimilgavaffwqivkvifvkkikr
>Neisseria_lactamica_020-06  coded_by=662186..664441,organism=Neisseria lactamica 020-06,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheeveipaedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Propionibacterium_acidipropionici_ATCC_4875  coded_by=3354954..3357134,organism=Propionibacterium acidipropionici ATCC 4875,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mftksqlisgqavyersgladygtflgngsylgpdytaealhvalggmhryyaqhlyghswdslskeqqggiegrvkqevrinrynsgtdtltltpaqvagldavrsyyhdqfvsgkapqglknapisqktsdylvdgdkvnqlaeyffwgawisttnrphsdttytnnwpyepasgntmpasamtwtaisvallvlglgaviwfqrrydldtklsfdlehpqlpdpdkpittsqrktgkyfllimllfgaqilcgellahyyiedgffglpiqnllpfnvakswhlqlaifwiatawlgaaaymvprllgreprrqgrlidvlfyslifvvvgsligewlsmmgkgnkgwwlwgatgweylelgkvwqflfiaamglwvfillrgflpamrragtpgintdrtrlttmllisavaipgfylaslfilpnshvtyadywrwwivhlwvegifecfaviligwlmvdlklatsrstiralyfqlillmgtgvvgighhyfwigdnsiwiplgacfsalevvplcllvweawthyrayrengaqfpykgtfmflasmgvwnavgagatgflinapainyfehgtqwtpahahaamagvyaffsiaimlyalrnisrrqawsekteawirrscwalniglagmvfvslmplgfiqladavangywharmtsfydstlakvllwgrmpwdliftagvvmllgvvihvvrnlkpaqdhemaeshqqwdkve
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_34  coded_by=complement(2253701..2256022),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 34,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaateqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrlvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Lactobacillus_ginsenosidimutans  coded_by=complement(1155810..1158107),organism=Lactobacillus ginsenosidimutans,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtsykrlnktllwtlvvaftiliaggllifkneaprpskivneqgstvvtkqqllsgqavyekygltdygtylgngtyfgpdytaqalhvylkgmdqyyaqkdhgknfselsteqksgikgkiqkeirenryndktdeltlttaqvaglnhltkyyrdefhnnpkeagmpenmiknntddfmhngdkidqltyfffwgawmsstnrphqtysytnnwpydldagnvmtadamvwtaisaalfvvgmaiviffykrysfdmdfneayskmgeiktnepitpsqrkaakyflivmlmflvqvllgelmshyyveqgffglplqniwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwiatawlatgiyiaprvrgsepkhqgllvdilfwaliivvggsmlgewgsvtgvingkwwifghygweyaemgkfwqilfiigmllwvvilcrgfipaiknkinkdrsvlltlllcgsiaiplfylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligyllvdmklttikstvralyfqlilllgtgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsaleviplclliweaythyrvyhdsqknfpykgtfmflvsvgvwnavgagalgwlinspainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygffsiaimlfaarhltktsfwtnkvekwikwacitlnvglagmtfitlmplgfiqlkdalehgywhareasfyqqpitraltiirsvpdviftagvvillvifirvmfnlkkssdkldpidyeik
>uncultured_gamma_proteobacterium  coded_by=<1..>1107,organism=uncultured gamma proteobacterium,definition=Cytochrom c nitric oxide reductase cNor subunit B
liagaativgyllftysdlakltmndllptmgrefleqptitkigivvvvlaflfnigmtiltgrktvvslvlltglvglavfflfsfynpdnlfldkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelimasilafvlikitgvdremiekwlyiiiamalisglvgtghhffwigspdywqwlgsifsalepipffmmtlfafnvvnkrrrehpnkaatlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqitaahghmafygayvmvvltmisysmpimrgrtannetaqtlemwsfwlmtvsmvfitlfltgagilqvylqrysesplpfmvvqdkialfywlreiaglvflsglliyvysffakgkevgdikeitt
>Haloferax_gibbonsii  coded_by=1936626..1938908,organism=Haloferax gibbonsii,definition=cytochrome B
melqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvvngdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygesydeldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggaiqytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpanmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqstyinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidaerwdgswlhaafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdsliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Pseudomonas_sp._BAY1663  coded_by=complement(22580..23593),organism=Pseudomonas sp. BAY1663,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllsilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstrlaylqlglwtamgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphklvivvcmliflynigmtirksgrftttegvlllgllssavlflpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevlekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpyywlpiggffsaleplaivgmamyaygamrrsglrhpnvlalhwtlgstvftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlvtamhghaafygaya
>Rhodanobacter_sp._116-2  coded_by=complement(88526..90223),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 116-2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqiefqtqrlsmrffmlmlvlfmlqvgyglllsvqqtdptvlagvmnfnvaraehlnlgilwilcgfigailfvgpllakremvspwlvkllfyaliviavwnfftlrlaqfgiagwwhgqpwlqqgleyleagriagvlvligfailayvvlrtfppvrqwneihwglglgvsalmavwvfglfyvarldlqeyfrwfvvhywvegvwevihitlvgfllvlmfkvdvksvgfavfwgvalvwlsglignahhyfwigtpafwqfwgslfsaleplplvfcfwhiyldahtnkrplenapafyfilgsvvleqigagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtpghahlalfgtfgmlgiaaayfavpilrkvpnydqrlgklsfwlvltgvlgmafsfsiggtvqiyvyrilgldwfggdvarsmgvfklmlplfgvvfatgagvlvydlltlgrrlavpagadahgesaaahpvtrwsrplsgfeagiwlmmmwifgtiitlgllsfnlprvrvagdptlpyllagvgypglllvtllfvwrflasmearakavaapsllrvlpaqa
>Marinobacter_sp._ELB17  coded_by=complement(171422..172837),organism=Marinobacter sp. ELB17,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqivfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyylvpeeaqtelyspllarilfwvfavagtltilgylfvdyatladitmnklwptmgrefleqptitkmglalvfigflfnilmtalkgrktvvniilitgligltvlwmfsfynpenlttdkyywwfvihlwvegvwelimgailafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigpseywlwlgsvfgalepipffmmvlfaftminrrkrnhpnkaatlwamgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapinyythgsqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsneaqvvemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltgagilqiwlqrmpesgealsfmvtqdkiavfywarliagcffsgglvvyfcsffikgqasfddevrgparqda
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus_M21621  coded_by=complement(48889..51129),organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus M21621,definition=putative quinol dependent nitric oxide reductase
mgqyknfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfanlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvendtvvlsnirlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdlakfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekeppmpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarsedfmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Photobacterium_swingsii  coded_by=complement(51694..53964),organism=Photobacterium swingsii,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtkqkfslialvivcvtsfaillslgseiyrqappipdrvvtlsgevvftkediqngqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreaemwlesaaqyqfsssfsaiesyqqaglesrlredmrlnqydpetgvlvvserraqvirqlqayyarlfgddpamqptreayamkegtiasaenreslsafffwgawaavterpnenytytnnwpydpqigntptssnivwsimsvvlliagvgalawyhatlkvhplpklpasdplfgvkptssqralgkyfitavglfllqivlggitahyavegqnfygiplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkfqrlgvnvlwvalvivvlgsmagewlaiqqyfdidtsywlghqgqeyidlgriwqilllaglliwlalvtraikpalthnndmkpvvwvlyascvaiglfygaglfqgkhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialmfvrlglvraqsansavlfatvvfltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgsvfsalevvplaligfeavetyrmrkmtswmsrykwaimffvatafwnlvgagmlgflinppialyyiqglnttathahgafmgvygmlgiglmltclrglstttavwddkllkwsfwslnlgllgmvfmsllpvgivqffsvidhgywyarspevihselvetlvwlrvpgdilfgiggiflalffakllfsklkqssgdkpltav
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL036PA3  coded_by=12659..14992,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL036PA3,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradtssffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaagvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes  coded_by=1059037..1061370,organism=Propionibacterium acnes,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgdegkkpektrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlilsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlgllahdvkdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflvqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflellttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieetpgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL201PA1  coded_by=complement(131689..134022),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL201PA1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpektrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlilsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlgllahdvkdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflvqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflellttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieetpgeqghaqlpeatr
>Veillonella_parvula_HSIVP1  coded_by=complement(22893..24254),organism=Veillonella parvula HSIVP1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase,quinol-dependent
mgeykkywiavvavliigfsilgylgtdvyhqappvptayvsqdgqvlftkddilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsvmldiksqeafgvlyeqlgdvqkaavkeavkaeyfnsavredgtvvlsperitamnltgqyfielygdnpklsetrdhfamkdntlpelkdridmarfffwttwmastqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesvawsvvsviillcgigivvwmwafgrkqdeheltppaedpisklhltpsqrslgkylftilalfllqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgtylgvaheipaslnfylghqgyefielgrvwqwieyigilfwlvlmvrsiigafkikgiktlllplfspl
>Pseudovibrio_sp._FO-BEG1  coded_by=206982..209288,organism=Pseudovibrio sp. FO-BEG1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mfdkdydvtfslkrlwillgvgmvlafgvllffgaeiyrmkppipnmvvsdsgdviytkddieegqnvwqslggmqqgsiwghgsyvapdwstdwlhrealalrdvfhrarvgtgytppsdeqkaflqvlieeemrrnrynpanetitisddratavkqvedhftrlfasydnidgqnlrddyafppnilitpeqaqklsafffwtswssvtnrpddtitytsnwpheplvgnqpsgaafiwtiisillllgcagalcfyyvrqydlwreriipeggaaaknplanvkitpsmratakyfwvvvglmiaqvalgiltahyavegqdlygiplaeiipysisrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglfmapllsgkdpayqtlgvnflwicliiivvgsfagewlgvnqffsrtmnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglllwlvlvlralypalkgghnrslialtllsataigllygaglfwgqnthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegvfevfataiialifvnlkllrastaavavifatiifmsggvlgtfhhlywsgtpigvlalgavfsalevvpllvigfeayqthkleqntkwiehykwplnffasvlfwnlvgagllgffinpplalyymqglnstpahghaamfgvygllgiglmlfclrslipdnrwsdkwlqqafwglniglammlalslipqgiyqayisftesywlarapetihgpvmtalvwarvpgdlvfgwgifaivmfmyrayfgepinekeqaaka
>Streptomyces_pluripotens  coded_by=<1..1245,organism=Streptomyces pluripotens,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
glyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflsggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root627  coded_by=770937..773249,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root627,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msttrklwlglaallissfavllwvgdvvhqeapplpaavvtsegqtlytradlqegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhrealamlellardegaasfasldaaqqaalkariqpelrhntydaatdtitvsplraqamaivgahymslfsndpataklrenyamrdntiaemehrrmvtaffwwtswaaaaerpgstisytqnwpfdpvvgnvatptsfmwsifsvlfmimgigllawhharhvsdeplppipardpladlkptpsmkatakyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiapmisgyepkfqrfgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwlavmdklglehnfwfghqgweytdigrfwqiflfiglmlwvflvgralwpvmrsktatssivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylflklglirpltatvgvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtttavialgasfsvlevvplaligleaydtwkkqhvapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnlvgagmfgflvntplalyymqglnltathghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpaaqwregwlrgsfwclniglslmalltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgavliavfvaslwllkdrrrpiepllqkrpvlvaverkeleea
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BC1  coded_by=complement(36567..38843),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BC1,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlalmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Dethiobacter_alkaliphilus_AHT_1  coded_by=complement(74669..76135),organism=Dethiobacter alkaliphilus AHT 1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mfkalrqigdfffhrhkpaakkvkepeyvsqavaipyalvtllllafqgvaatfgateavfpnlpspvraevgravhlniavfwpllgsmgmvyyffiqeaekelyslrlawlqffvliasglgaitflafglmrgmeyreaalvfdlgiavglaifvynltrtyflsavrgrvtmlgmlsgaislivlfipnlieyvhptideiirfwvvhmweelskellligalvaflltvgkarrktlekllflqlallivgatfatghhyywigtppmwlwiggifsviqvaalfllayifylgirevpwgslnfgarlslgftfasvvyhvagaamlgmllavphfnryaratyltsshahlalfgavgmlvlagctyiltrdshwpkqqknwavwgflllnagliimggalavagllqtylvrivgmdyavahqllhpyllmralgggvfavggllyagavlyvlwlrrhnllqsllqkretnekkvddea
>Thiocapsa_marina_5811  coded_by=356893..358314,organism=Thiocapsa marina 5811,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyksqavakpyfiaaiglflaqvifgiilgiqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtntlivwllmgfmgaayylipeeserelytpwlalvmfwifliaaaltvigylavpyarlaemtgndilptmgrefleqptitkvgivivalaflfnigmtvlkgrktvvslvmliglvglaffflfsfynptnlvldkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikttgvdrevvekwlyiiiamalitgiigtghhfywigppeywqwwgsifsaleplpffmmtvfafnmvnqrrrnhpnkaavlwalgtavlaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghlafygayvlinitmisyampllngreansmrsqvlemwafwlmsismvfitlfltaagilqiflqrytetplpfmvvqekvalfywlrvisglvflgglgtyiasffvaardakypqpieigkvqpspaav
>Ralstonia_pickettii_OR214  coded_by=362364..364640,organism=Ralstonia pickettii OR214,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mktnqrlwrwlglifilsfgalgylgrqiylaappiphavvtsvgevlftgeqiqrgqeawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairahqqfdtdaplttvqqaavdasvkeemrrntydanhdiltvsreraeaihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgvlpeaadrealaafffwtswaaaadrpgetdisytsnwpheplvgntmtggaavwsmvsivlllggiaamlwlhgsskheeeaaplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglmlvqigmgaitahyavegesffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Ralstonia_pickettii_12J  coded_by=complement(281264..283540),organism=Ralstonia pickettii 12J,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mktnqrlwrwlglifilsfgalgylgrqiylaappiphavvtsvgevlftgeqiqrgqeawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairahqqfdtdaplttvqqaavdasvkeemrrntydanhdiltvsreraeaihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgvlpeaadrealaafffwtswaaaadrpgetdisytsnwpheplvgntmtggaavwsmvsivlllggiaamlwlhgsskheeeaaplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglmlvqigmgaitahyavegesffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Ralstonia_pickettii_12D  coded_by=complement(725058..727334),organism=Ralstonia pickettii 12D,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mktnqrlwrwlglifilsfgalgylgrqiylaappiphavvtsvgevlftgeqiqrgqeawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairahqqfdtdaplttvqqaavdasvkeemrrntydanhdiltvsreraeaihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgvlpeaadrealaafffwtswaaaadrpgetdisytsnwpheplvgntmtggaavwsmvsivlllggiaamlwlhgsskheeeaaplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglmlvqigmgaitahyavegesffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum  coded_by=4238138..4239505,organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryrsqsvaywyfavamalfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdplmdvlpfdvtkaihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrgelhstklayiqlglwtamgvtavlgylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmlmflynigmtikkagrftategvlllglasaavlylpallhyenyvvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywigvphywlplggffsalepmalvgmaiyaynamrrsglshpnklalhwtmgsalftmfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpgmtrrpveessigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerilgmgyldvqlkiqvhflmlvatasmfslgvglfifdffrhapqfnvdeadpvlvprasgaal
>Halovivax_asiaticus_JCM_14624  coded_by=7780..10077,organism=Halovivax asiaticus JCM 14624,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
meitrrkiakalavvfvlnlivmgggalysaqqvppipqevtgpdgevivtegevedgkivfqqnglmnhgsilgngayygvdytadtldlkvsamreyyaderygttydeldaaeqgsvqslvesdlsgtieegattieysaaeayahqhvreeyveryhegalergvpadtidsesearefadfalwtawishtdrpgsdssftnewpydpaagntpsgatmvwsvismvllvgavgigvwlyksvelpepevrgieipppddinltpsqraatrfiplagalfalqvllggllahyyverdgffgvtevfgidiveafpfamaktfhldlgilwiaalwlgaglflpplltnhepdhqrtyihvllgalivavvggltgvwlgaqgyidgdlwwiignegleylevgrlwqvgllvgfvlwtalvwrgfrpmlrrekryglahmiiyaggsigllfvagmfytpetnivttefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivavvgltlvsmgllrkasaekavafqalfvmgsgvigashhywwvgqpdiwlplgsvfstleliplililfeamgqyralatsdetfpytlpfmfiiasgfwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyfehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmaiymlristkpdlwsetrlrwsfwlwnvglavmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftesyaaarslafyegelvqllfwarlpgdtmiilgtlvfcydmvvkrftlrdvslpgdapttipdrigsdddd
>Bacillus_sonorensis_L12  coded_by=104842..107196,organism=Bacillus sonorensis L12,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mevqresapvkktakngflksilvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprplevtnpkgevlmteasisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqnfkavndygksfnklsdeeksvvrdrviremrknrydsdsktleltqaqvyglnkvrshyrdvftngdgwgiepgliqerhmpdhdrawvanedqitqvsdfmfwtawlastlrpndditytnnwpydeeagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfvgiilflfyryklgmkeaykegefpvfrlenqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffiqamlgallahyyvepdsffgidwirevlpfsiskgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifvaplvggrepkkqgllvdilfwaliflvggsvvgewlgakgylgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqiilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkkesdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaaflfnpgtsitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrslyfqltlllgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmrdggndfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpvvsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlyslrnivkpqfwndkllkiacwglniglfgmvfmsllpigfiqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdvvqtlltlrsipdtiflisivllayftvkslfhlrkpthqdgeelpvkdiased
>Kingella_kingae_ATCC_23330  coded_by=106447..108693,organism=Kingella kingae ATCC 23330,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyilicvltitfgllgylgvevyrqappfpeqfvsasgqtvitkdnilqgqsawqstggmelgsvlghgayqapdwtadflhrelvawleltaqaehgkkfdeltteqkaalqfrlkteyreqsamdesgtvklsdtrvkaieqvsqyyidlygdnpaydktrdnfamktntlpdaearknltrfffwtswtasanrpgsvatytnnwpheplidnkpttenymwsfasvvfllmgvgflvwgyhflrshekepeapaadplakivltpsqkalwkyaaltvilfivqillgglvahytiegqhfygiplsdilpyslartwhlqsalfwiatgfltaglfiapvlnggkdpkfqalgvnllyvalfivvagsyagnftsivlnklsgsanfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqllltvgfllwlflmlrcalpafkqggdknlltifvasivgvgafyapglfygehttlavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafifynlglvsyksattaslvagslflvggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpvmaagasfsalevvplillgheayehwsyqhaapwmkrlrwplmcftavafwnmlgagvfgflinppiqlfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvgcyikpdftynekqmtigfwllngglvgmivssllpigifqaaasithglwyarseefvqqgflemfrwirtlsdlvfisgacffafqvikmslskdkka
>Mariniradius_saccharolyticus_AK6  coded_by=complement(93773..96118),organism=Mariniradius saccharolyticus AK6,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mksettflhylmkpknwwvpigiiflvsiiglgfiayqtyeeappipdfvdengnkvmseaeilkgqevfhryalmeygsmfgdgalrgpdftaqalnvhakamkeyyiknlpnyqglqelgeaavtgkvqqeikantyqpsdnsavlnsaqiagvravedfyvrvftdagfgeafnptgyiqneeeirnlarffywgawvcsvqrpgekysythnwpydpeagnvptpstmiwsivgllglvlglgivmyyygqfeqlnqeyyskgasemvteeklhaftpsptqratfkffyvaillflvqvlagvltvhdfvgftnffgvdlqeaipvtisrswhvqlslywisacwvgisffvlpllakkepkgqlllinllfgiffvmvagsfvgiflgpkgmlgsysrwlghqgwefvelgrlyqyfllaifalwalivyrgvkntfrpgmpwalpnwlvysivcilillmsgfvarpetnfviadfwrwmvvhmwveaffevfttiivgymmvmmglvnrqavvkvvylaallflgsgllgishnfywnakpvgtlalgsvfstlqvvplilltleawkmqkmphlledksngrgrsslfampgvflyilgvtfwnffgagvfgliinlpianyyehgtyltvnhghaalmgvygnlsiaallfclryliqpeawnhqlikasfwsinlglllmvvldlfpagihqlvtvmeegywyarsqefiqgtefqsmtwlrivggsifcvgglfpltwfvlrsaryvkkqgplnlseiekneeevvevv
>Corynebacterium_accolens_ATCC_49726  coded_by=7524..10085,organism=Corynebacterium accolens ATCC 49726,definition=putative type IV conjugative transfer system protein TraL
matttgaedrskpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendahgipdivdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyayyfgpdshnnglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhaeeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviavlfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhlqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqhwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnigllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfvmewlrlpgdvmfligilpflwmalrgvlynkdiptvdehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyvdergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._K  coded_by=complement(2750601..2752889),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. K,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mspkaravslfvivacftvlifggaqiskhkppiparavapsgeviftaedvalgqrqylsrggqqtgsvwghgaylapdwsadalhrtglvtaglkrgltpgaaagftqadlaalpagergrvqaevaeelrqnrydpatdtltlspgqvaaypalvayytqlfrdgndpmsipagfvpdaadakaitafffwtawaagtnrpgetftytanfpfdplvgngplpsslvwsivsmvllilgtalaifyylrlrakdpehhvkiaplqepkptpsqraalpyfavaiilfilqaalgsltghfavegnklfgidlgmllpyaatrgwhlqlavfwiatcwlatglfigpavagghepkgqkalvwtllgalvvvvvgalagtylgvrgklsgpngwlvgnqgyeyielgrvwqvaliagmllwlflvyraikpalkaeqdrgglthlllyasvsiplfysvglfytpgthiavadywrwwvvhlwvenffevfatvalafilskigavgersatrathfsillylgagiigtfhhlyftgsplfitalgatfsaleivpltllgfevyenlklarsggnatpwkwplyffvavafwnavgagvlgflinppivlyyaqglnttpihshgalfgvygflaialmlfsmrnivrtaawsdrlleiafwglnaglagmivlsllpagiyqlviavreglwyarspevtgsafihavtwarvlpdlvfvggalallgfvlraivldvklrradpadgeaatvrkaa
>Psychrobacter_sp._1501(2011)  coded_by=4031..6310,organism=Psychrobacter sp. 1501(2011),definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgeykkywwgliavlivtfsllgwggveiyrtappipdqfvdnngkviitkedimqgqsawqrtggqqlgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlniksnelygvdydaasedqqavlqaqvkreyrgstvdenntvvlsqtrieamnqiapyymsvygddpefqqtrenfamknntitnvesrerltnfffwttwvasaerpgtnatytnnwphepiidnkpttenimwsvasvvfliagvglliwgwaflrrednmdpklvtpeadpltkialtpsqkalakygflvvalfifqvliggfvahytvegqnfygipvadyfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiataflmaglfltpiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlwvaliivcvgsfasqyfaiaeimpakynfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgiliwlvlmsrgimpafknkgdnnllaiffasvvcvglfygsglfygehthltimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifynlglvskkiatassiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqhkspwmqklkwpimcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslfylqglnttavhshaalfgvygflalgfvllvmryirpdyvfsdklmktgfwmlnlglvlmiatsllpigifqahasiteglwyarsegflqqdllvtlrwvrflgdvvfitgavcvawqvvkltfaktshsnykphnsvnk
>Photobacterium_profundum_SS9  coded_by=157293..158681,organism=Photobacterium profundum SS9,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mstlkfqsqsvatpyfifalilftgqiifglvmglqyvvgdflagtipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayflvpeesetelyspklaivlfwvfaaagtltilgyllvpystlaqitgneyfptmgrefleqptitkigivivclgflfnigmtilrgrktvinivlitgliglavfflfsfynpdniamdklfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailafilikitgvdreiiekwlyviiamalisgllgtghhffwlatpgywqwigsvfsaleplpffamvlyafnmvnnrrrehpnkaatlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampklrgvgeassnkaqviemwgfwlmtvamvfitlfltgagilqvwlqrlpesgealnfmatqdklsifywareaagvvfliglitylsnflvdkkavk
>Lactobacillus_hokkaidonensis  coded_by=80868..83189,organism=Lactobacillus hokkaidonensis,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mnnqgqgehtyrrltkvllitlaavfsiliaggflifkneaprpqkmvdptgttvishsqllsgqavyekygltdygtllgngsylgpdytaeslhvylrgmdhyyanklygksynsisefrqdaikdkvkkeirvnryhkssdtltlttaqaagvnylqkyyrhefvnnprqaglpenminqkttdefmsngnkvdqltsyffwtawvsstnrpnreftytnnwpydldagnvmpaeamiwtaisvavlvagvgiviwfqrryhfdmdaayskgkmpvvnadapittsqrkaakyfvivmlmfivqillgalmahyytdnsffgidlqniwpfnlakswhlqlaifwiatswlgagvyltprvlgrepkhqgvlvdilfwalivvvggsmlgewgsilnwkffnhnwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilliigmllwvvilmrgfipkmrqkmanpdrtrlvsllfmgsiaipafylatlfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdlklttikstiralyfqlvlllgsgvigmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsamevvplclliweawthyrvvrdsgvvfpykptftflawtgiwnvigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahtsmagvygmlslaimlfvlrnvskkevwtpklnkminwsawlmnlglagmaiiallpvgylqladalkhgywharllsfyrtspvvellwarivpdtvfiigavimlivvvkiffnlkpataddgdvqe
>Lactobacillus_hokkaidonensis_JCM_18461  coded_by=1856558..1858879,organism=Lactobacillus hokkaidonensis JCM 18461,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mnnqgqgehtyrrltkvllitlaavfsiliaggflifkneaprpqkmvdptgttvishsqllsgqavyekygltdygtllgngsylgpdytaeslhvylrgmdhyyanklygksynsisefrqdaikdkvkkeirvnryhkssdtltlttaqaagvnylqkyyrhefvnnprqaglpenminqkttdefmsngnkvdqltsyffwtawvsstnrpnreftytnnwpydldagnvmpaeamiwtaisvavlvagvgiviwfqrryhfdmdaayskgkmpvvnadapittsqrkaakyfvivmlmfivqillgalmahyytdnsffgidlqniwpfnlakswhlqlaifwiatswlgagvyltprvlgrepkhqgvlvdilfwalivvvggsmlgewgsilnwkffnhnwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilliigmllwvvilmrgfipkmrqkmanpdrtrlvsllfmgsiaipafylatlfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdlklttikstiralyfqlvlllgsgvigmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsamevvplclliweawthyrvvrdsgvvfpykptftflawtgiwnvigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahtsmagvygmlslaimlfvlrnvskkevwtpklnkminwsawlmnlglagmaiiallpvgylqladalkhgywharllsfyrtspvvellwarivpdtvfiigavimlivvvkiffnlkpataddgdvqe
>Sulfolobus_islandicus_REY15A  coded_by=504913..507033,organism=Sulfolobus islandicus REY15A,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
makriwgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyialagytlthlppvpsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqtadpptikvdglayssitdsetskwivtndyvkayntlynelynilynnssnyglkpnfvspndlrnitafilwgamisflgytngfpympqqtqpsvnvslstwimviillavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagvqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflsfnvtralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgilfsynqlipspywfifgaqgkpndvdqgtfwlllvalifflasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigvifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvilillvvnnlvppslatmaasidsvseilsgmigtahhyyfggeplfwmylgasasilevipiffltyyaillgrrgeiktefqktlvtttlisaigggfvgaiiggasilnapminyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsggikenelktlrimiliyaigfilqgidlwtlgavqlatvlrtgywaakgtlfyllsipdliawlrmigdvvagfaaaviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._Fw109-5  coded_by=complement(4487500..4489794),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mrryrahwialllvmggsflvlgawgpriskaappvpervlgpkgqvvvdedsilrgqdvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreamfvldrwakaegaagyavlpgerqaalrarltramrentydprsgavrisaeraaafdataahyaevfsqgrdayaipagaltdraqlrdlaaffwwtswaasterpgqtvtytmnwpheplvgnvptggavvwsvisfvlllagigalvwyhgsrvepetvaatlperdplfglhptpsqratvkyfwtaaallvvqialgavtahygvegsgfygfpldqvlpysvartwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavsghepagqragvnflfvalvvivvgslagqwlsvkrmlggtlwfwfghqgleyvdlgrfwqiflfvglflwlflmlralwpalrrpsdsrallglfvlssaaialfygaglmygrgsnlamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlrllhvekatratffattvflaggilgtfhhnyfagtpasvmalgatfsalevvplvlvglevwqnirlsrartwvrayqwpiyffvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinppialyymqglnttpvhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclralrpgaawktrpiavafwcingglalmvlvsvlpvgilqtwaavetgtwwarsaefmqtplmnvlrwlrvpgdtifavgalvlgwfvlglatgwslerthhvdegstevhegaeteatra
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(284320..286638),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1829871..1832189,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Acidovorax_sp._Root70  coded_by=complement(173398..175683),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root70,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipakiataggevlythdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldvaaerahgkpfadidtaaqavlrdrmkteyrtntfnpdtgvatvsstradaiamtalyydqlfsdapalhksrehfamkentlpsaerraqmmgfffwtawaaaterpgsvatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwsflrkhdeveptppqhdplarvpltpsqralgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqqfyginvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpayqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfigiafwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrapwmarlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfserlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpialfqfhasvseglwyargeefmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalamawqvvsgvfgsrapaasagaylaesrr
>Nitratifractor_salsuginis_DSM_16511  coded_by=complement(1560577..1562013),organism=Nitratifractor salsuginis DSM 16511,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mlssiksnvlqseskklammyfrvaiilfgaqllfgllaglqflfpgflygildfsvnrmvhinalvvwmlyamigsvylmlpdetgietvgiglgklafwvltaavtvvvlvyllvqvgpgkestiwlinegreyleaprwadigivvvvlifywnvfatymkgkrtgimtvmvanlmalaglylagmfftdnisvdqywwwwvihlwveatwevfvgtlaayalikvidakreivemwlwievlmlfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywweigalfsalepvplvamfvhvlydwgkeqghteakgeksaikngpamawittnafgnflgagiwgffhtlpqvniythgsqftaahghlaffgayatiligmmylgiqeaygikrmkatfkskmaiflitfgvlgmavaltiagyeqvlveraelgagwqafftaqnlpwyvqaqvwreimglvtfvgfvyllidlltigkkeaaqga
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=complement(56454..57824),organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfaiqvlggllagwvyvqpnflsevlpfniirmlhtnslivwlllgffgaayflipeeterelhsprlaylqlailvigtlgavvtyvfnpfegnfllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaalmflynvtmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlaldkqywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiityampilrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmtfmtfvltfagtiqthlqrvngdyfmdvqdqialfywmrfgagavfvigallfiyaiavpkheviepgeadhvpae
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=complement(56454..57824),organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfaiqvlggllagwvyvqpnflsevlpfniirmlhtnslivwlllgffgaayflipeeterelhsprlaylqlailvigtlgavvtyvfnpfegnfllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaalmflynvtmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlaldkqywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiityampilrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmtfmtfvltfagtiqthlqrvngdyfmdvqdqialfywmrfgagavfvigallfiyaiavpkheviepgeadhvpae
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=complement(56454..57824),organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfaiqvlggllagwvyvqpnflsevlpfniirmlhtnslivwlllgffgaayflipeeterelhsprlaylqlailvigtlgavvtyvfnpfegnfllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaalmflynvtmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlaldkqywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiityampilrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmtfmtfvltfagtiqthlqrvngdyfmdvqdqialfywmrfgagavfvigallfiyaiavpkheviepgeadhvpae
>Mycobacterium_indicus_pranii_MTCC_9506  coded_by=complement(2023497..2025821),organism=Mycobacterium indicus pranii MTCC 9506,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapsrtstpapatsligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgetlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaeqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrynadtktlvftdkqaaafdhiqqhyadyfgenstkygllprmitskadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptrdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK23020  coded_by=1533..>3759,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK23020,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK16259  coded_by=complement(<1..2227),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK16259,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_GC1-182  coded_by=2047..>4273,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae GC1-182,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK14515  coded_by=complement(<1..2227),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK14515,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG4  coded_by=2532..>4758,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG4,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK29471  coded_by=complement(<1..2227),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK29471,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK36809  coded_by=complement(<1..2227),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK36809,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK15454  coded_by=2044..>4270,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK15454,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1106a  coded_by=1930675..1932231,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1106a,definition=nitric oxide reductase, authentic frameshift
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_BPC006  coded_by=1984980..1986536,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei BPC006,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223440..224996),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24255..25811,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24194..25750,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223441..224997),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79089..80645,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128866..130422,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=80051..81607,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=23993..25549,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=23501..25057,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(235626..237182),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223374..224930),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(209400..210956),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24059..25615,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(240149..241705),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(235904..237460),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5598..7154,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(238707..240263),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223340..224896),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(235690..237246),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(235663..237219),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(238087..239643),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223303..224859),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(241880..243436),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223260..224816),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223346..224902),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=81512..83068,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24522..26078,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25141..26697,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24894..26450,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79858..81414,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(240750..242306),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79476..81032,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=27082..28638,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223324..224880),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79984..81540,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(235848..237404),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=78133..79689,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24269..25825,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223409..224965),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26968..28524,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223362..224918),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24253..25809,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(236145..237701),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26718..28274,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79972..81528,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223427..224983),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=23721..25277,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=138180..139736,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=31906..33462,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(237798..239354),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223455..225011),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223305..224861),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(112096..113652),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(702179..703735),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(2062336..2063892),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Campylobacter_showae_RM3277  coded_by=94735..96981,organism=Campylobacter showae RM3277,definition=arginyl-tRNA synthetase
mreykkywwalvavvtiafgilgyygvevyreappvvsfadkngkiiveqeqiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhkelvafmdikanqlygakfdalsaeqqanikaltkseyrtntlkngvitisderiaaakvvrdeynglfgndpkyqklrenyamknntlakeenreqlndfffwatwatatnrpnseatytnnwpheplidnvptkenvfwtiisvtilvagvgllvwfsnfygekdheklapidadplsrlnltpsqkalgkylfvalalfvfqimiggfvahytvegqefyginlsqyipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallflvvgsfigeymaiagkmdtslsfwlghqgyeyielgrvwqlilfvglviwmalvlrgfvggfkadgdknllaiftasaiavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfaslglvgkkfatystlasaslfliggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeafhqyslqfaqswaknlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinpplflfyiqglnttsvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvalylfkgqefndklmkvgfwslnaglmlmilasllpiglyqavaaidvgmwyarsaeflqmdhlqnlrwlrmigdtifiiggvcffiqilkfiagscgckaka
>Alicycliphilus_denitrificans_BC  coded_by=complement(140192..142501),organism=Alicycliphilus denitrificans BC,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgkyakywytligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipgqvlvqgsdkplytkdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqkdygksfaeldagqqavlrdrlkteyrtntydqakdtvvisplraqaiaetaqyydklfsddpslhksresfamkentlpsaerraqmagfffwtawaaaterptdvgggngatytnnwpheplignqptgenmvwsvmsvvimmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeqdpvppahdplsrvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvfiggftahytlegqkfygidlsqwfpyaltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvcvgsfignylaiahilpkewsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiafwlllmaraifpallapngqdknllalltssvvciglfygtglfygerthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsyrmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhktpwmadlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpqmvfnerlmktgfwwlnaglvlmistsllpiglfqfhasvthglwyarseeflqqpfletlrwirtfgdvvfitgalcvawqvasavlfgartpaapstgalagasr
>Neisseria_macacae_ATCC_33926  coded_by=complement(52934..55189),organism=Neisseria macacae ATCC 33926,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypekvvsasgtqlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfnevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpalqttrehfamknntlpskeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthvippkfnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsewakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnakfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CIP_101113  coded_by=complement(88463..90709),organism=Myroides odoratimimus CIP 101113,definition=hypothetical protein
mknrqrklwiaftivmlfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvpievrttngeivltasdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadflhrealylleyyaqekynksyenssleeqaylkahlqanirantydkatgvltiteernkarlhlqeyytklftddpeftqlrkdyaipnnaltdptrlkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdndvsythnwpaeelvgnvattpliawsgvsvillifavgvlvyyhvaskqeeedmvpmedpvsngtvtksmtilkkyfwvvcllmllqvglgiitahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyiapavggkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivlgsmigqwfgimqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlalmirpllpvlkekgshrnliilfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstivfmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsiyrdikwnekllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftvgifaivlfvfkltlkksnhdk
>Shewanella_denitrificans_OS217  coded_by=complement(2344290..2345705),organism=Shewanella denitrificans OS217,definition=cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mkyesqliakpyfifamilfagqvifgllmglqylngdagfpyipfnaarmvhtnllivwmlfgfmgasyylvpeeaetelyspvlakitfwvfvvagvatilgyllvpyaelaritknelfptmgrefleqptitkigivlvclsfvfniamtilkgrktvinmvlitglaglalfylfsfynpdsltmdkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelilgallafvlikvtgvdrehiekwlyviiamalisgligmghhyfwvgpprywlwmgsffsalepvpffmmvlfafkmvkerrrehgnkiattwaqgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayamvvmcmisysmpvmngrpqgnsaqaqkverwgfwlmcigmlgitfaltaagiwqvalqripdagealsfmatqdaiapfyvarllfgllfaagvityfasfvvanrgakqtsseglteqta
>Alicycliphilus_denitrificans_K601  coded_by=complement(132218..134527),organism=Alicycliphilus denitrificans K601,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgkyakywytligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipgqvlvqgsdkplytkdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqkdygksfaeldagqqavlrdrlkteyrtntydqakdtvvisplraqaiaetaqyydklfsddpslhksresfamkentlpsaerraqmagfffwtawaaaterptdvgggngatytnnwpheplignqptgenmvwsimsvvimmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeqdpvppahdplsrvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvfiggftahytlegqkfygidlsqwfpyaltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvcvgsfignylaiahilpkewsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiafwlllmaraifpallapngqdknllalltssvvciglfygtglfygerthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsyrmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhktpwmanlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpqmvfnerlmktgfwwlnaglvlmistsllpiglfqfhasvthglwyarseeflqqpfletlrwirtfgdvvfitgalcvawqvasavlfgartpaapstgalagasr
>Nitrosomonas_sp._AL212  coded_by=419843..421177,organism=Nitrosomonas sp. AL212,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyhtqalafpyfiaalalfliqvlagvlagtvyvfpnflsesvpfhiirmihtnallvwlllgyfgasyflipeesereihspklawlqlgifvfaalaavgsylsgvhegrefleqpfwvkilmaiaflifiynvtmtvlkgrktvvsivlllglwgaaiffmfafynpdnlavdklywwwvvhvwvegvwelimaamlafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgfslfsgllgtghhyywigapeywhwigiifsflevvpffammlwafylvkksgrdhpnkaailwslgcpvmafigagllglmhsfpsinfythgtqltaahghlafygayvmlnlafftyalpalrkvqpfnqtlniwsfwlmnaamigitfalifagvlqthlqrvlemgymqvqsqielfywlrlgagvffiigalmfiysalgpvrehvvtakhah
>Neisseria_sp._GT4A_CT1  coded_by=55414..57669,organism=Neisseria sp. GT4A_CT1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypervvsasgtqlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfnevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpalqttrehfamknntlpskeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiirpdlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsewakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnakfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_sicca_ATCC_29256  coded_by=complement(97176..99431),organism=Neisseria sicca ATCC 29256,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypervvsasgtqlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfnevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpalqttrehfamknntlpskeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiirpdlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsewakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnakfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Rhizobacter_sp._Root1238  coded_by=complement(107967..110240),organism=Rhizobacter sp. Root1238,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnpshrlwrwlalifvlsfgalgflgyqihlaappipasvvdadgrtlftgaqiqagqqvwlasggqqqgtvwghgayvapdwsadwlhreasalqalrldqhvqaqptlssadraaigvtlreemrhngydetsgvlkvsndralairrvashydslfgsdpalaglrsqyamragsvpdaadrqaltafffwsswaaatdrpgetalsytsnwpheplvgntltgtaamwsmasivlliagiaamvwfhgsreheadpvppaadpflqvaatpsmkatrkyffavvgllllqigmgaitahyavegdaffglplaevlpyvvsrtvhtqvgifwiatawlatglyiapllsgaeprfqklgvdvlfwaliaivvgstatgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwignqgleftsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwllllgralwpalkkpsetrgliamvflsaaciggfyssslmwgqhthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvcaasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgavfsalevvplamlglealqtwrrsqrapwlaayrwpimcfvavgfwntvgagvlgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarhlhadrllapawwgmnaglammvflsllpagiwqawasidqgmwfarspavvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdvvfaggalllavyawrllrrpaadaaavpsaravrp
>Rhizobacter_sp._Root16D2  coded_by=complement(30385..32658),organism=Rhizobacter sp. Root16D2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnpshrlwrwlalifvlsfgalgflgyqihlaappipasvvdadgrtlftgaqiqagqqvwlasggqqqgtvwghgayvapdwsadwlhreasalqalrldqhvqaqptlssadraaigvtlreemrhngydetsgvlkvsndralairrvashydslfgsdpalaglrsqyamragsvpdaadrqaltafffwsswaaatdrpgetalsytsnwpheplvgntltgtaamwsmasivlliagiaamvwfhgsreheadpvppaadpflqvaatpsmkatrkyffavvgllllqigmgaitahyavegdaffglplaevlpyvvsrtvhtqvgifwiatawlatglyiapllsgaeprfqklgvdvlfwaliaivvgstatgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwignqgleftsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwllllgralwpalkkpsetrgliamvflsaaciggfyssslmwgqhthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvcaasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgavfsalevvplamlglealqtwrrsqrapwlaayrwpimcfvavgfwntvgagvlgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarhlhadrllapawwgmnaglammvflsllpagiwqawasidqgmwfarspavvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdvvfaggalllavyawrllrrpaadaaavpsaravrp
>Rhizobacter_sp._Root29  coded_by=356970..359243,organism=Rhizobacter sp. Root29,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnpshrlwrwlalifvlsfgalgflgyqihlaappipasvvdadgrtlftgaqiqagqqvwlasggqqqgtvwghgayvapdwsadwlhreasalqalrldqhvqaqptlssadraaigvtlreemrhngydetsgvlkvsndralairrvashydslfgsdpalaglrsqyamragsvpdaadrqaltafffwsswaaatdrpgetalsytsnwpheplvgntltgtaamwsmasivlliagiaamvwfhgsreheadpvppaadpflqvaatpsmkatrkyffavvgllllqigmgaitahyavegdaffglplaevlpyvvsrtvhtqvgifwiatawlatglyiapllsgaeprfqklgvdvlfwaliaivvgstatgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwignqgleftsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwllllgralwpalkkpsetrgliamvflsaaciggfyssslmwgqhthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvcaasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgavfsalevvplamlglealqtwrrsqrapwlaayrwpimcfvavgfwntvgagvlgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarhlhadrllapawwgmnaglammvflsllpagiwqawasidqgmwfarspavvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdvvfaggalllavyawrllrrpaadaaavpsaravrp
>Bdellovibrio_bacteriovorus_str._Tiberius  coded_by=complement(2895127..2897421),organism=Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus str. Tiberius,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msmkklwiafgvvvvasfsvlifygveiyreappipdkvvtatgetlftgedilngqnvwqsmggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreavfildkwsnaeftkpyeqlgeeqkaglvarlqkemrtntyskengtltvsairkeamesnnahyrslfmddpalkslreayaipansirdqdrmrqmnafffwaswaagterpgqtitytnnwppdkligneptgsmllwtgfsviillagvgalglyyaaqrdedpgvaslpekdpllglnptpsmsatlkyfwvvtalivvqvilgavaahyavegdgfygiplsdflpysvtrtwhvqmgifwiatswlatglfigpaisehepkfqrfgvnflfisllvivvgsmagqwfgvmqkldlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqaflliglflwlflmvrsvwpafkkaqesrhllalfliscaaialfygaglmwgrhtnlavaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrmglvnvklasstvlfstviflfggilgtfhhlyftgtptavlalgasfsalecvplvlmgfeayhnlklgkstawlkaykwpiycfvsvafwnflgagifgflinppialyymqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlkglaarnewrdgvigfafwsiniglllmallsllplgllqtmasvehglwyarsaefmqtelldvirwlrvigdtvfalgalalgwfviglktghslkktvdlsqttypssspkkr
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_CCUG_29243  coded_by=complement(2281030..2282397),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri CCUG 29243,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirkagrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpvggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlddtepvlaerevhpt
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3230  coded_by=complement(44520..46775),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3230,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Lactobacillus_coryniformis_subsp._coryniformis_KCTC_3167_=_DSM_20001  coded_by=16671..19025,organism=Lactobacillus coryniformis subsp. coryniformis KCTC 3167 = DSM 20001,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mvknnytykrltkvlvgtlvtvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivttagetlvtrnellsgqavyekygladygtylgngsylgpdytaqslhiylqgmdnyyahkfyqhsfkslstykrdaikdkvrheikinrysaakktltltaaqtagyqhltkyyrhefinnprqaglpenmintkktdafmykgnkvnhlasfffwgawmsstnrpgqnysytnnwpydldagntmssesliwtaisvallvagvgviiyyqrryafdmeatyasaaempaldtdfaitqsqrkiakfflvvvglflvqillgelmahyyveneffgiplqniwpfnlakawhlqlvifwvattwlatgiyivprvlrrepkrqgllvdllfwaliivvvgsmlgewastlgllnhnwwlfgqfgweyielgkfwqilfiigmalwviilmrgfipamkrpdnydrkrlitllfcgaiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdlkltttrstvralyfqltlllgsgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsalevvplclllweaythyrvfkdsaiafpykgtfvflmwtgvwnaigagalgfiinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaimlyalrnisqqkiwtpkmdklvnwsawlmniglagmvfitllpagylqlkdalehgywharllsfyqsspvfeilwarivpdlvftagviilivivvkvlrnlkpadnakaaahfaavtaeevkadakqnn
>Leptospira_biflexa_serovar_Patoc_strain_'Patoc_1_(Paris)'  coded_by=complement(3058872..3060221),organism=Leptospira biflexa serovar Patoc strain 'Patoc 1 (Paris)',definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit; NOR large subunit); putative membrane protein
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigmdglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqliswvvvgvvaivgfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtldsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgkdhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlvtamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnmtgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagitqvylerklgmdflvvqkeiifhfygmllaatlftigityfivdfirhglpsnealgknvgdld
>Leptospira_biflexa_serovar_Patoc_strain_'Patoc_1_(Ames)'  coded_by=complement(3067258..3068607),organism=Leptospira biflexa serovar Patoc strain 'Patoc 1 (Ames)',definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigmdglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqliswvvvgvvaivgfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtldsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgkdhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlvtamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnmtgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagitqvylerklgmdflvvqkeiifhfygmllaatlftigityfivdfirhglpsnealgknvgdld
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25663..27951,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_354e  coded_by=complement(27129..29417),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 354e,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3016  coded_by=22027..24315,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3016,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K96243  coded_by=2843904..2846192,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243,definition=putative membrane protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1710b  coded_by=3113822..3116110,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1710b,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1106a  coded_by=2703456..2705744,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1106a,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase NorZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR146  coded_by=complement(1179862..1182150),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR146,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR511  coded_by=complement(1034274..1036562),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR511,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NAU20B-16  coded_by=complement(2845059..2847347),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NAU20B-16,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(145409..147697),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27179..29467),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27698..29986),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(146745..149033),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(143956..146244),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27012..29300),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27165..29453),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=22587..24875,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(179425..181713),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=9370..11658,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=9341..11629,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27014..29302),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27698..29986),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_BPC006  coded_by=2732419..2734707,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei BPC006,definition=hypothetical protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(180680..182968),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=9360..11648,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(28174..30462),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27036..29324),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21508..23796,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27014..29302),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27698..29986),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K96243  coded_by=complement(2933169..2935457),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=9376..11664,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(143933..146221),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(179366..181654),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27004..29292),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27168..29456),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27012..29300),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27167..29455),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=9376..11664,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27037..29325),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=9364..11652,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(181287..183575),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27023..29311),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(574036..576324),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_sp._BGJ  coded_by=36573..38861,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGJ,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(1220934..1223222),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_sp._BGK  coded_by=2862503..2864791,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGK,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(3023019..3025307),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1416187..1418475,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Anaeromyxobacter_dehalogenans_2CP-1  coded_by=complement(4291148..4293439),organism=Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans 2CP-1,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mpyrahwialfivlagsfailggyaprirssapplpervigpggttviegsailrgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreanaildtwaraegggryaalsperqaalrerlrttlhentysedartirvgperaaafeelarhyasvfrdgvdayaipagaltdparardmaaffwwtawaavtdrpgeqvtytqnwphdplvgnrptgqavvwsvisfvlllagigalawyhgsrkepevaadelplrdplfglnptpsqratvkyfwvaaallvvqialgaltahygvegsklygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglymgpavsgteapgqrlgvnllfvsllvivigslagqwlsvmqrlpgeswywfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglflwlglmlralwpalrrpsatrpllllfvlsslaialfygaglmygrttnlavveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllhpekatratffsttvflaggivgtfhhnyfagtpssvmalgatfsalevvpltlvglevwqnirltrartwvsayrwpiyffvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinpplalyymqglnttpvhghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclralrpgaawkerpiawsfwlinvglammvmisvlpvgilqtwaavetgtwwarsaefmqtplmntlrwlrvpgdtvfaagavvlgwfvlglatgwslrrtghvaegatdvteedaraggra
>Nitrosococcus_watsonii_C-113  coded_by=1360109..1361455,organism=Nitrosococcus watsonii C-113,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqtqqlaypyfvaalalflvqlvagvlagtiyvfphflseaapfniirmihtsallvwlllgyfgasyflipeecerevyspklawwqlgifvfaalgavisylfgvhegrefleqplwvkillavafviflynitmtvlkgrktvvsivllvglwgaalfylfafynpsnlaldklywwwvvhvwvegvwelimaamlafllikltgvdreiiekwlyvivglslvsgllgtghhyywigtpgywhwiggvfsvlevlpffamvlwafylvhesgrdhpnraamlwslgcpvmaffgagvwglmhsfsqvnfyshgtqvtaahghlafygayvmlnlafftyalpalrgvqpfnqilnmwsfwimtgsmafmtftltfagviqthlqrvlgmdfmeiqqqialfywlrlgsgiffvigallyiyavlgpvrgqmaaplgvqtatk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_Z2491  coded_by=complement(1807779..1810034),organism=Neisseria meningitidis Z2491,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63023  coded_by=complement(12319..14574),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63023,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_64182  coded_by=complement(11887..14142),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 64182,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70082  coded_by=complement(12339..14594),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70082,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_61106  coded_by=complement(12330..14585),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 61106,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69100  coded_by=complement(12334..14589),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69100,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_96060  coded_by=complement(12331..14586),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 96060,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69176  coded_by=complement(12326..14581),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69176,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70021  coded_by=complement(10888..13143),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70021,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69155  coded_by=complement(12336..14591),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69155,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69096  coded_by=complement(64089..66344),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69096,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70030  coded_by=159004..161259,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70030,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_61103  coded_by=complement(91055..93310),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 61103,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70012  coded_by=complement(59856..62111),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70012,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_68094  coded_by=complement(10894..13149),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 68094,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69166  coded_by=complement(10975..13230),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69166,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Cupriavidus_basilensis  coded_by=1856730..1859015,organism=Cupriavidus basilensis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mgqykklwftliavvavtfsllgyygtevyrkappipqqvvsadgnalfskddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaardtygrtyaaldgptqaalreqlraeyrgnradqdsgvltvsrrraqaiaatavyyerlfsdapalrksresfamkentlpsaerrvklthfffwtawaaaterpgltatytnnwpheplignqptseniiwsiasvvvllagvgflvwawsflrgheeappavaardpltafaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvliggltahytvegqrfygielskwfpytllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplingakdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqimpenlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagilfwlvlmlraiapalrtpggdknllalltssvvaiglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlgglpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlkdrapwmanlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpgyvlnqglaktafwglnaglvlmigtsllpigiiqfhasvsqglwyarseafmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalsmalqvvlglaakapaqtapegrlsaaqr
>Loktanella_sp._5RATIMAR09  coded_by=complement(452116..453465),organism=Loktanella sp. 5RATIMAR09,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvaywyflaamalfgiqvlggllagwvyvspnflaeilpfnvirmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflipeesereiwspklayiqliilvvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaalifllnismtvlagkrtaitnvllmglwllsllwifafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyiivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwigsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmlrerapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvigdyymqvqddlaifylmrfgagaavvlgallfiysmlvvrkneviapgpanpvpge
>Haloterrigena_thermotolerans_DSM_11522  coded_by=complement(25027..27351),organism=Haloterrigena thermotolerans DSM 11522,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqvtrkqlatflatifvvnlivmgggawlsyanspdipdtivgpdgetvatsedvqdgkavfqenglmnqgsilgrgsyydtdytadtldskaeymrdyyaqerhdenysalnasvqagidqqvrqelqdseygsqvqysaaevyahqqvredyveryhegdrergipagqiesaeeaeefadfalwtawishtdrpdssasftndwpyspaagndaggpimiwsviamvllvggagaaiwlyqsidlpepeaegasiphpseieltpsqllstrfvligallfvaqtflggllahyyierdgffgmreligvdilqwlpwsivrtwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreppkqalyvkglvgallvvavgglagiwlginnffdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqvgllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpktnivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffilvvialtlvsmnllskksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstiefipllfilyealgqyramdtagkdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpiisyyetgtyltvahahgamfgafgllamgmsvyilrvttraeswttrrlrwsfwlcnlglalmiflsllpvgflqlevgftqgyaasrslefyngeliqtlfwlrmpgdtmliagavlfawdvvakllfqrkatagessshviadrifgdsdpsdvvdpvsddd
>Lasius_niger  coded_by=13132..15432,organism=Lasius niger,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
merdqdsdqlspwwrraliftvviasialvyitahtpqisppipdkvinvadgsviatkedieegqnvfqryglmdngslwghgaylgpdfgaaalhrealilhddyaqakyhaayqslnegekaainaevatllkrneynpetgtlslnasqaqawktspaywaeyvknpahdgglkpnlitdaaqlrqmaayfdwaawasiakrpetdhsytnnfpydpdagnipmpgavlwsvlsvltllagiggavairdrypsagwvsqlkeqlpsrlkpgkatpaqralgkymlvavalfflqtlmggaiahyradpssfyglplynwfpsnllrawhlqcavfwvatayvagslymaiglrpegdklahsnllkwmvnglfaafvvvvvgsflgiwtgflqltgdfwewfgatgwewleqgkfwhfllaiglfgwfallfwlgrsskneskadralirvfwlatlavplfyvpvlfighktnysmveiwrfwlvhlwveayleffattlvgvmfymlgivrvktvlrtvyfdgilffmggvlgtchhwyftgqsqamfafgslfsamevvpltlmcaeawdffsatkrdkdggsavvhkyafyylvscgfwnfvgagicgffinmpimsyyevgtmltanhghaafmgvfgmlalamavlvlqnlstpeqwqkmekwvkvsligtnlglalmcvtslfpgglcqlwdvmthgywharseayihshlaetiewsrifgdlifiifgslpafvfavkgwtgllsekskeis
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_IFO_3956  coded_by=complement(1859441..1861783),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum IFO 3956,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqprtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywyarqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqvneide
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_MTCC_8711  coded_by=complement(1860231..1862573),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum MTCC 8711,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqprtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywyarqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqvneide
>Belliella_baltica_DSM_15883  coded_by=2129506..2130924,organism=Belliella baltica DSM 15883,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrdstpiigagydhckqknkhmkyksqqvaywffalcmllfalqivygfimgfarigmdglhdwipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvklayvqlislavvgvaaitgyhfniwegrkfleipreldylvvvnvllflgiilatlfkgkrqtttalvmtmglvfaallylpgmiwfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwlvvggvfsaleplaflamalfavymyrkgeknhpnkialfwtigaaivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghyafwgayvmivlaiisyampnitgrkrhdktnghlafwlsnigmlgmvvalgvagvvqvylerrlsmdfmvaqeevkihfvvmllcatmfatgigiyiyefikygrptdealtkneeavlvs
>Acidovorax_sp._KKS102  coded_by=190755..193037,organism=Acidovorax sp. KKS102,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipariataggevlythdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwldvaaerthgkpfadigaaaqavlrdrmkteyrtntydpatgvatvsstradaiaktalyydqlfsdapalhktrehfamkentlpsaerraqmmgfffwtawaaaterpgttatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeadpepprqdplarvpltpsqralgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqqfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiasgflaaglflaplinggkdpayqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgilpafrqpgdknllallsasviaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrapwmarlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfsdrlmatgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpiglfqfhasvseglwyargeafmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalavawqvvsgvlgsrapavpagatlaetrr
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus_10  coded_by=2535660..2538023,organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus 10,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevqrsvrpnvrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiiceqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksnrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlwrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykimrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgilqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Bacillus_azotoformans_LMG_9581  coded_by=complement(36502..38763),organism=Bacillus azotoformans LMG 9581,definition=nitric-oxide reductase qNorB
mnykklwvwlslviiisfgilgyyggriyqvmppipervvtedgielftgqdikdgqnvwqsiggqelgsiwghgayvapdwnadwlhrealfildkwghaeygnyfidlneeqqaqlrarltkemrtntydeatkelvisndrmeafqylssyysglfmdnpelselrdqyaipkntiksqermdlmntfffwstwatvtnrpgdnvsytnnwpsevlvenrptseliiwsiisfvmllagvgalawyfavqrhkephlpevypekdpllglaptpsmkatlkyfwivtalivvqvglgavtahyavegsgfygipiqewipysvtrtwhtqlgilwiatawlatglymapavsgyepkwqrglvnflficlliivvgsmagqwmgvfqkfdfqanfwfghqgfeyvdlgrfwqifltvglflwlflmgrallpafkkssedrhllamfllaataiplfyipgllwgqqshlamaeywrwwivhlwvegffevfatvvmaflftrmgllrtgtatasvlfstiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtpmgvlaygavfsalevvplvligfeayenltlsrtrewvkeykyaiycfvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinppislyymqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclkgltrqkhwktkllsfsfwainiglllmallsllpvgllqtwasfehgmwyarsaeflqkdivqtfvwlrligdtifaigilalgwfiiglktgrslldknais
>Pseudomonas_sp._CFII64  coded_by=complement(223305..225578),organism=Pseudomonas sp. CFII64,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdeyrklwwgligilgitfcllgwfgreiyrqappipervqsvdgqllfdaktildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaehaygkaynetsddqqallrhqlkreyrgnrvvdgtlvlsdrrvqaiaqtasyydalfsgdpalhasrvsfamkevtlpdparrqqmtrfffwtawaaaterdgqpatytnnwpheplidntptaenmiwsmvsiivllagvgflvwawaflrkhdeaepvvpshdpiclltltasqkalgkylllvgalfgfqvmmggltahytvegqdfyglplskcfpysltrtwhlqsamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkwqklgvdllfwalvvvvigsytgnflaiaqlmpaewsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrvwqigkfvgivfwlvlmlrgmvpalrnpgdknllallacsviaiglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatsalafiftsmglvsrklattatlasaslfmlggvpgtfhhmyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplillgheawenwrlkdrapwmervrwplqffvacafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttplhahaalfgvygflalgfgllilryirpdlrfnerlmkvafwwlngglllmiltsllpigliqfyasasqglwyarseafmqgdllqtlrwfrtfgdvvfmigafaviwqfvsgllwssarlpvneavlpgqp
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK6987  coded_by=2740..>4967,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK6987,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK29344  coded_by=complement(<1..2228),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK29344,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK7842  coded_by=complement(<1..2228),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK7842,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=53261..54631,organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfaiqvlggllagwvyvspnflsellpfniirmlhtnslivwlllgffgaayflipeesereihstklaylqllilvvgtlgavvtyvfdlfegnfllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaaliflynvsmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlsldkqywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiisyampllrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsggmafmtfvltfagtiqthlqrvngdyfmdvqdqlalfywmrfgsgvavvigallfiyavavprrevisaggaasapae
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_B1SMN1  coded_by=643069..644493,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri B1SMN1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfepyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Geobacillus_sp._MAS1  coded_by=complement(710..3082),organism=Geobacillus sp. MAS1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mahmevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlvivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Tannerella_sp._oral_taxon_BU063_isolate_Cell_1/3  coded_by=30037..32280,organism=Tannerella sp. oral taxon BU063 isolate Cell 1/3,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtakrlwmwlgatvaasflvliifgveiyrtappfptkivvsdgevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhretemlldllaqkdgktykdlpedeqakylvqlrkelrtntydaasgvitfsperaqvaraladyytklfmddpsmdhvrksyaipkgaikdparmaqmnafftwttwvcstnrpgsdvtytnnwpyepvignkpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkekeendrlpasdpmrglkptpsmratlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffglpldlilpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgqepkyqrlgvnvlfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqalllvglflwlflmvrallpalrrrdesrhllvlfvlasiaiagfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasvsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyslsrstpwikaykwpiyyfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrewndkllgwsfwlinigllvmlvgsllpigilqavesiqngywsarsmefmqtdtmqairwlrvpgdsllaigelllvyfiiglhtgwslkgkr
>Tannerella_sp._oral_taxon_BU063_isolate_Cell_6/7/9  coded_by=complement(12769..15012),organism=Tannerella sp. oral taxon BU063 isolate Cell 6/7/9,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtakrlwmwlgatvaasflvliifgveiyrtappfptkivvsdgevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhretemlldllaqkdgktykdlpedeqakylvqlrkelrtntydaasgvitfsperaqvaraladyytklfmddpsmdhvrksyaipkgaikdparmaqmnafftwttwvcstnrpgsdvtytnnwpyepvignkpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkekeendrlpasdpmrglkptpsmratlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffglpldlilpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgqepkyqrlgvnvlfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqalllvglflwlflmvrallpalrrrdesrhllvlfvlasiaiagfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasvsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyslsrstpwikaykwpiyyfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrewndkllgwsfwlinigllvmlvgsllpigilqavesiqngywsarsmefmqtdtmqairwlrvpgdsllaigelllvyfiiglhtgwslkgkr
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG26  coded_by=complement(1858..4041),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG26,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_10701  coded_by=3607813..3609183,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 10701,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllnilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstklayiqlvlwtlmgvtavigylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtikksgrftttegvlllglvssavlffpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevlekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpyywlpiggffsaleplaivgmamyaysamrrsglahpnslalhwtlgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpsltnkrpeqgttigywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlistasifatgvglfiydffsyrprfetldnqltepvvpadrvv
>Desulfitobacterium_dehalogenans_ATCC_51507  coded_by=15374..16702,organism=Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans ATCC 51507,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkgflgkqiarryvlyavflfgiqglvallgatslivpdfpspisyeygravhlalatfwpvigmmgmvyyftvdqlkadiysprlarwqfvilliasggllgtlalgigngreyldglpvfymgislglllgtynlirtlwknrrkitpaagimtvgvvflsvllipnvlrfnnpvadeavkfwvvhlweemafelttsgfiasffvtagiaakkdiekwlyleatlsvigglfgtghhyfwigfppiwlflgpvfsfiqvlpvfllayliykgfkkhkpfslreklavwlilssifhhltgatllgilitipwinlythgtyitsghahlalfgtigflilagayailieedalnkktygygvsgiillnlgligmslclilagflqtylwrvmgidfmvvssvinpylilrallgslftlgaailsfliiktwwktrka
>Desulfitobacterium_dehalogenans_ATCC_51507  coded_by=complement(1800156..1801484),organism=Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans ATCC 51507,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkgflgkqiarryvlyavflfgiqglvallgatslivpdfpspisyeygravhlalatfwpvigmmgmvyyftvdqlkadiysprlarwqfvilliasggllgtlalgigngreyldglpvfymgislglllgtynlirtlwknrrkitpaagimtvgvvflsvllipnvlrfnnpvadeavkfwvvhlweemafelttsgfiasffvtagiaakkdiekwlyleatlsvigglfgtghhyfwigfppiwlflgpvfsfiqvlpvfllayliykgfkkhkpfslreklavwlilssifhhltgatllgilitipwinlythgtyitsghahlalfgtigflilagayailieedalnkktygygvsgiillnlgligmslclilagflqtylwrvmgidfmvvssvinpylilrallgslftlgaailsfliiktwwktrka
>Haloferax_volcanii_DS2  coded_by=complement(105793..108075),organism=Haloferax volcanii DS2,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqrdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvgfmrnyyaqerygepydeldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggvirytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvvamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieslfgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdsliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvddmavaegilgdd
>Haloferax_volcanii_DS2  coded_by=complement(2009548..2011830),organism=Haloferax volcanii DS2,definition=nitric oxide reductase (cytochrome c)
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqrdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvgfmrnyyaqerygepydeldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggvirytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvvamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieslfgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdsliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvddmavaegilgdd
>Glaciecola_polaris_LMG_21857  coded_by=42318..44615,organism=Glaciecola polaris LMG 21857,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mstyqktfsikklwiilavgmmvmfgillllgqqiyqqappipalvkstagetlytrndietgqnvwqsiggmeqgsiwghgsylapdwsadwlhrealtlleintqrsrsglsleqetamqkamlpalmrkntydpatetitvsnnraaaikqveghylrlyqgsdeaslalrrdyafsvhgllnaqeakqlaafyfwtawgattnrpndnitytsnwpheplvnnkpttstlmwsiasiilllgaagalvtyyvkqfddwrddilpeqgmatsdllanatvtpsmratakyfwvvcgmfvsqvllgivtahyavegqglyglpfaeylpytvtrtwhtqlavlwiatawlaaglyvapmlagrdpkfqrfgvnflfislviivigsfvgqwaavhrfftsltanfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiyltiglllwvvlvvralwpvlqqkgdksliylvlisalaigllygaglmwgqhthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataiisllfvrmgilrtstatvmvlfatiiflfggvlgtfhhlyfsgtptsviavgamisalevvpllvvgfeaynrykvervekwqlayhwpfmffsavllwnfvgaglfgfminppialyymqglnttanhghaalfgvygmlglgltlycmrgltditrwdqkmlkrafwalniglgmmtflsllpqgviqtytsielgysfarsaefmhspimealvwarvpgdivfsigvfyfacfmvkafagntkekqsnyihvnk
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_SEMIA_5079  coded_by=8384901..8387222,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum SEMIA 5079,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mhedpvtrilkwlllataaacfglmawttgqtyqdappvpdrivaqdgatlmsgadvvagkggfqkadlmdygslygmgsyfgpdytarnlvdleaateqnlaellhhsafgalsaeeqaavrvrgqtmlrgvdltqrtvtvapalaqaitsvrdriavsllhddlgsgyskarsldpqtarqtadfliyaslttvarrpgttvswtqnwpyepsvgnvptgatfiwtwasfcfvflgfgavlaiykvylsdpdtspmdpvlsgfarltpsqrrtgkyflfvalvlllqigagsvmahyysdrssfygipvgkflpfnflrsvhlqaplvwiafswigsglflapmisgrearnqalfvdilfwtsvivvvgaltgnylgimglidrgwfwfgnrglsylqlgrfwqiaffaalimwswliaralwpsralwndaawhfwtgrirlehliwaatvniavlyvcgmipltgleksftitdywrwwvvhlwveqsfefyaasmsiyllmglglvsrhlaergvlfqliliflggvlgtghhlywngapglwvpfgtmfsfievlplillilesienwrsiqrheefhyklaylyvvgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehatfltlnhahtalfggfgllgigliyfclryiagetrefnermgvvafwlynaglilwillnffpigwqqllavyehglayarslafydttllwqwmrivgdvvfavgallmafdfliklepvlpnrigsllpnigdrpqktdkvasaeap
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._Fw109-5  coded_by=complement(3197440..3198798),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mnyqsqrvaypyfvvalllfvaqvllglflafsyfftlpqgfvdvfpfstaraihtnllvlwlllgfmgatyymvpeetgrelaspklaiaqlvvltgtgvvaivgflfgwtqgrplleiprpldllvvagalmflgnvgatmllarrftvtqgsllaglvflavlylfgipfyrnlatdwyywwwvihlwvegawelvtaalvafmlihltgverrvvekwlyvelglflftgiagtghhyywlgtprywlwvggvfsaleplpillmlwdtfraereggrkleprltwtlligmavlhfvgaglfglahtlpqinyythgsqvtvshghlafygayvlvnltffyfaiprlralpggrfrerrgqvgfwaasfglvgmslafsvagvlqsylermrgepyivsqepirfwmllvflhgllvlagaaiiawdlltlrsppdeaargaapaa
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2554397..2556718,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvsdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_406e  coded_by=2079305..2081626,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 406e,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvsdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._PSR-1  coded_by=complement(33211..35520),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. PSR-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mrrgllvsrgwpqaallvmvvgfgilgvlayrtytasppipgktvdprgrvvfdrddilagqelfltrglmdygsvlghggylgpdftaeylrrsarfvaarngesereggprtwaelrenrydaatgvltftegqaaafdhereslraffaqpsartglspglvsspedlrqltaffawtawaastqrpgadysytnnwppeplvlnrptgsmvvwsvlslvallggtgllfaafgrwrflgwqgretrtltfrrpqdvpltpgqratgwyflvmallflaqtlvggasqhyraelegffgidlaallpfnvvrtwhlqlaifwvatsylaagifvapmiagreprgqralafallgalavvvvgslvgelagihgwirgywlgnqgfeylelgrlwqvlliiglfawaamlyrtlrprlvrehlgnmpwlfffaalaipafyavgllahprahftvtdywrfwvvhlwvedflelfttaivaylfvllgvvaeqaalrlvyleiilysvggvvgtmhhvyfsgepaehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawsflslakaqqregaapfphrwavmflaavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqvgtaltanhghaammgvygmlavalalfairylvaperwsdrlakvsfwslnlglgwmvfatlfpvgvlqlyrsvtvgyfearqleyvtarpltlfewwrlpgdalfivggvlplvvlcwrgiraaprpatapggesplfsdvdgpgaaaegasgghaaprrl
>Cupriavidus_metallidurans_CH34  coded_by=3438806..3441085,organism=Cupriavidus metallidurans CH34,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpykklwflliavlavtfsllgyygaevyrqappvpakvvtsdgatlftgdeildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaardqygkdyaaldapaqaalraqlkseyrsnqfdpasqaltvsdrrakaiaktadyysrlfsdapelhksresfamkenplpsaerrarltnfffwtawaastdrpghtatytnnwpheplidnhptaenivwsiasvvillagvgllvwawaflrgkeeplpaapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfafqvliggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpytltrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfagnylaiaqkmppnlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiviwlvlmmrgiapalrarggdknllalltssvvaiglfygaglfygertslsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlkerapwmanlrwplmfftavafwnmlgagvfgfminppitlyfvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpnytlnprlmsiafwgmngglvlmiatsllpvgiiqfiasaseglwyarseafmqqpllqtlrwmrtfgdvvflvgalsfslqvvlglfgrqpsgkvaegvlvrq
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis_O6  coded_by=complement(58476..59903),organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis O6,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit NorB
mrlanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalllfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpanlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtlevwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqvllqrwaedgtampfmatvehlsglfwarllsglgffagllcyllsfrqrgraalrapapvvss
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_HH103  coded_by=1000304..1001650,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii HH103,definition=cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqvlfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgylfhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpinlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlaimayaipeirgrapynqwlsivsfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqdqlalfywvrlgsgvvvlisalmfiwavlvpgrsrslapsqavqpae
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(7647..9971),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=257551..259836,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpeqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkykv
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_SD54  coded_by=complement(11939..14209),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum SD54,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mntnhrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqiqrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqaihtqqqfgsaasltaaqqaavdvtvkeemrrntydaacdsitvskeraraihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgalpdqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdvsytsnwpheplvgntmtsdaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwlhgsgkheedakplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglilvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwignqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvallgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvallftrlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrmrgtpwlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpaywglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasitkgmwyarspevvhsklmetlvwlrvpgdivfaggafilalyalrllrrppsrqaatapatatr
>Rhodanobacter_thiooxydans_LCS2  coded_by=complement(31883..34165),organism=Rhodanobacter thiooxydans LCS2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
msttrklwlglaallvasfavllwvgnevhqqapplpsavvssdgrtlytradmeegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhreavamlellardegaasfdsldaerqaalkariqpelrhntydaakdtitvsplraqamevvaahymslfsndpataklregyamrentiaemehrrmvtaffwwtswaaaaerpdstisytqnwpydttvgntatpanfmwsvfsvlflifgigllgwhharqvsheplppipsrdpltelkptpsmkatgkyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqqaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrlgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglqynfwfghqgweytdlgrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgralwpamrggkegasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvklgllrvgsattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligleahdtwkkqhaapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnligagllgflvntpialyymqglnltathghtalmgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpqaewregwlrgafwllniglsmmavltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgalliavfvaalwlwpkrrtagaplpqgvpesa
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis  coded_by=complement(3895652..3897079),organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrlanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalllfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpanlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtlevwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqvllqrwaedgtampfmatvehlsglfwarlisglgffagllcyllsfrqrgraalrapapvvss
>Campylobacter_showae_CC57C  coded_by=complement(9386..11632),organism=Campylobacter showae CC57C,definition=hypothetical protein
mreykkywwalvavvtiafgilgyygvevyreappvvsfadkngkivvekeqiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhkelvafmdikanqlygakfdalsaeqqanikaltkseyrtntlkngvitisderiaaakvvrdeynglfgndpkyqklrenyamknntlakeenreqlndfffwatwatatnrpnseatytnnwpheplidnvptkenvfwtiisvtilvagigllvwfsnfygekdherltpidadplsrlnltpsqkalgkylfvalalfvfqimiggfvahytvegqefyginlsqyipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallflvvgsfigeymaiagkmdtslsfwlghqgyeyielgrvwqlilfvglviwmalvlrgfvggfkadgdknllaiftasaiavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfaslglvgkkfatystlasaslfliggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeafhqyslqfaqswaknlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflitpplflfyiqglnttsvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvalylfkgqefndklmkvgfwslnaglmlmivasllpiglyqavaaidvgmwyarsaeflqmdhlqnlrwlrmigdtifiiggvcffiqilkfiagscgckaka
>Herminiimonas_arsenicoxydans  coded_by=1668785..1671061,organism=Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans,definition=putative Nitric oxide reductase
mhatrklwtwlavicvlsfsvlgwvgteiyltappipkqvvssngkllfsegqvqrgqeawlsaggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhrealalraiwaqhdygkpyeqlgigqkaeldgrlksamrsntydagtgivtlsperaravqqvtehymglfgsdpafdalreqyamhtgslpdqadlqalpafifwsswsaatdrpgesdlsytsnwpheplvdntptagagiwsiasiilmiaaiagmifyhsmhqeegdptppkkdplfdltptpsmkatrkyfyvviglimaqvgmgvitahyavegtsffgfplgdilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkyqklgvnllfyallfivvgstafgwlgtlqhrgndfsfwignqgleftsmgriwqillfvgllfwvtllgrgllpalkkpsesrgliamvflaalciggfyatsltwgqkthyamieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlglihaktansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigamfsalevvplamigveayrnyqrskaapwvqaykwpilcfiavgfwnvvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrglsdraawsdrllapmfwllniglammvfislvpagiyqawasvtqgmwfarspevihstfmetmvwlrvpgdivfaigtvflvlfalrlltgakskqpataaagiska
>Lysobacter_sp._Root667  coded_by=178110..180431,organism=Lysobacter sp. Root667,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msstrklwlglgallvvsfgvllwaggeifraapplpekvlsesgdviytradiergrqvwqsiggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreavgildlwaradggmatyaqlpeeeqaalrgrlkqemrrntydpatgtitlsrdrvaalsnvaahyeslfgndpatadlreayamknntvpdaahrraltgffwwtawaagterpreagdamvlapggvvdkqvtytnnwpseplientpppsmwvwsafsvmfliagiallgwhharqheaapplpatdplatlritpsmratakyfwvvlalflvqillgamtahyqvegqvtygfnlsdvlpysitrtwhtqlavlwiavawlgtglyiapaisghepkfqrlgvnflftclliivvgsfagqwlavmqklglehnfwwghqgweyadmgrfwqwflfiglllwltlvgralwpvlrgpatdtksivgllflsticiglffaaalmwgehthiseveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavmaliftrlglvetktasvavlfatiifmsggvlgtlhhlyfvgtptavvalgasfsalevvplayigfeayhtyklgkatpwmaryrwpilffvavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyfmqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgialvlfcmrglrgqmvwdtrplkvafwclniglalmavltllplgtmqllaaiehgyyyarsaefmqkpivdmlvwmrvpgdtifsigavaltwfifrlwvapkrdpalsgeaegvdr
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=789068..790492,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvaaaaaaa
>Albidiferax_ferrireducens_T118  coded_by=2022567..2024891,organism=Albidiferax ferrireducens T118,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mrlsnfqlnhkgipamhatrklwtwlavicvlsfavlgwvgteiyltappipkqvvstkgavlfsegqvqlgqeawlsaggqqlgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalravwsqrdfgkpfdqlsvgqqaelsarlksemrrntydastgiitlsperaeavaqvaahyvglfgsdpsldklreqyamnagslpdaldlqalpafifwsawsaatdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvdntptagagiwsiasiifmiaaiagmifhhstakeegdptppksdplfdlkptpsmkatrkyfyvviglilvqigmgaitahyavegqsffgfplaqilpytvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkyqklgvdvlfyallfivvgstafgwlgslqhlgnsfsfwignqgleftsmgrvwqvllfvgllfwvtllgrglwpalktpsesrgliamvflaalciggfyatsltwgphthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlglirastansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigamfsalevvplamigveayrnyqrsksapwvqaykwsilcfiavgfwnvvgagllgftintpialyylqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrglsdraawsdkllapmfwslniglammvfislvpagvyqawasitqgmwfarspavvhshfmetlvwmrvpgdvvfsvgalflawfavrlltggkraqlaalpvasanra
>Lactobacillus_composti_DSM_18527_=_JCM_14202  coded_by=complement(34213..36540),organism=Lactobacillus composti DSM 18527 = JCM 14202,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mrtskpyarltkilitvlivvfsiliaggflifkneaprpakivntngntlvshktllsgqavyerygltdygtylgngsylgpdytaqalhvylkgmhryyaqtkyhkawgdlsdlqqegikgvvkkeikvnrysqkadtltlspaqaagftylqryyrrefinnprqaglpenmiknntgaymvrgnkvdqlssfffwgawmastnrpgqnfsytnnwpydldagntmpaeamiwtaisvailvagvgviiwvqrrynfdmefaygknkppridpdlpisdsqrktgkffllvmvlflvqillgelmahyyvensffgiplqniwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwvatawlatgiyvvprirgrepkhqgalvntlfygllvvvagsmlgewgdilgfvkkgwwlighfgweylemgkawqwlfivamllwivilmrgfipairhkgeagtstdrtrlttllflgaiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligwlmvdmklttskstiralyfqltlllgagvvgmghhywwqgdhniwlslgacfsaleviplclliweawthykvykesqlefpykgtfmflaatgiwnaigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaimlytlrniskkeiwtaklekwlkracwllniglagmtfitlmpvgtlqlkdaltngywharllsfyhgstvatllwlriipdliftagvvvllvvvykivrnlkpaqnkamadshqewdqn
>Lactobacillus_composti_DSM_18527_=_JCM_14202  coded_by=complement(34157..36484),organism=Lactobacillus composti DSM 18527 = JCM 14202,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mrtskpyarltkilitvlivvfsiliaggflifkneaprpakivntngntlvshktllsgqavyerygltdygtylgngsylgpdytaqalhvylkgmhryyaqtkyhkawgdlsdlqqegikgvvkkeikvnrysqkadtltlspaqaagftylqryyrrefinnprqaglpenmiknntgaymvrgnkvdqlssfffwgawmastnrpgqnfsytnnwpydldagntmpaeamiwtaisvailvagvgviiwvqrrynfdmefaygknkppridpdlpisdsqrktgkffllvmvlflvqillgelmahyyvensffgiplqniwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwvatawlatgiyvvprirgrepkhqgalvntlfygllvvvagsmlgewgdilgfvkkgwwlighfgweylemgkawqwlfivamllwivilmrgfipairhkgeagtstdrtrlttllflgaiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligwlmvdmklttskstiralyfqltlllgagvvgmghhywwqgdhniwlslgacfsaleviplclliweawthykvykesqlefpykgtfmflaatgiwnaigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaimlytlrniskkeiwtaklekwlkracwllniglagmtfitlmpvgtlqlkdaltngywharllsfyhgstvatllwlriipdliftagvvvllvvvykivrnlkpaqnkamadshqewdqn
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus_M19107  coded_by=6353..8593,organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus M19107,definition=putative quinol dependent nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfsdlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepptpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvflisrylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus  coded_by=complement(44012..46252),organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfsdlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepptpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvflisrylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Pseudomonas_sp._G-179  coded_by=complement(13827..15245),organism=Pseudomonas sp. G-179,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit precursor
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaiglflaqvlfgvlagtiyvmpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalivwlligfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspklaiaqfwifliaaaiavvgymfkihegrefleqpfiikigivivclmflfnvtmtslkgrktvvtnilifglwgiaifflfsfynpanlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlaimayavpeicgrkpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvlqvhlqrvlgegymdvqdqlalfywvrlgsgvfvlisalmfvwailvpgkdrvpaasgiaerpserfpardpeaagrdlslhpqgnlr
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_110  coded_by=3552271..3553617,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 110,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlstllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqlkgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatvsaalqpae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=769..2115,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlstllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqlkgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatvsaalqpae
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=complement(12887..14281),organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyhtqriaygyfvvamalfavqvsmgllmgyiyvnpnflsellpfnivrmlhsnslivwlllgffgsayylipeeaerdihsptlawlqlailvlgtagvvvtyvfdlfhgnwllgkegrefleqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvtmtvlkgrktaisnvlllglwglallflfafynpsnlvldkqywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpaywqwvgsifssfeivpffammsfafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcsvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclvlaivtyampimrnrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsggmlfmtftltfagtlqthlqrvngefymdvqdqlalfywmrfgsglavvvgallfiwsvlavrrevvtpgpvqrqrdeiahrtpae
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=1597..2991,organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyhtqriaygyfvvamalfavqvsmgllmgyiyvnpnflsellpfnivrmlhsnslivwlllgffgsayylipeeaerdihsptlawlqlailvlgtagvvvtyvfdlfhgnwllgkegrefleqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvtmtvlkgrktaisnvlllglwglallflfafynpsnlvldkqywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpaywqwvgsifssfeivpffammsfafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcsvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclvlaivtyampimrnrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsggmlfmtftltfagtlqthlqrvngefymdvqdqlalfywmrfgsglavvvgallfiwsvlavrrevvtpgpvqrqrdeiahrtpae
>Chroococcidiopsis_thermalis_PCC_7203  coded_by=3763922..3766315,organism=Chroococcidiopsis thermalis PCC 7203,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mwvelsstctirfaigillslfggaamtdsisvngdraatggrslslpawlvliciiafttllaagaaiwknappvpdvvqspqqeiiltraeiqagqeiylarggqhigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglstagvlynsqpdfsqadldalpaperaslaarvseqfktnrydpqtrtllltdaqtqglkqvfqdyqpllahgsaihsipdgwfkddtqirnvtgffawtawaasanrpnapfsytanwpadrlignqapgqfitwsilsvvvliagigvflfiyltqeetdevqpvparpavriptpsqkvtslffgvamtlflvqilmgmftahyavegegfygiplmqflpyaasrtwhlqlalfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgqhepkhqalgntvllgalaivvvgsivgtwqavtgvldvkdsflwghqgyeyielgrvwqllligsmvfwlwllyrafkpalkqektptglshfflysaitiplfysvglaytnhtslsiaeywrwwvihlwvegffevfatvviaylcselgflkkssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtptfiaamgavfsalevvpltligfevlktlrlsqeaegfyrwplrffiatcfwnligagvfgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahsalfgvygclalalmlfalrefvpeqawnerllrfsfwtingglvgmlvlglipngfyqlaqsiehgtwyarsaevisspwmrwtvwlripgdiifaigaltmfvftmraivavfrfpvkttqselpnkaievlr
>Celeribacter_baekdonensis_B30  coded_by=complement(162224..163573),organism=Celeribacter baekdonensis B30,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqsvakayfycamalfgiqvlggllagwiyvspntlseivpfnvirmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeserelfsvklaylqliilmvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflfnismtvlagrktaitnvllmglwllcllwvfafinpenlsldkmywwmvvhlwveatwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywigtpgywqwigsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlavftyampmlrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmtggmtfmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvlgenymevqdslslfylmrfgagaavvigallfiyslvvarkreviqpgpaqavage
>Hydrogenivirga_sp._128-5-R1-1  coded_by=9708..11111,organism=Hydrogenivirga sp. 128-5-R1-1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, B subunit, putative
msklyesqkiallyfsvaivlfgaqllfgliaayqfvnpeflhnvlpfsitrmlhinamvvwlimgfiggiywllpsetgrdvvgaklgklawflltaavgvvvlvyifkqfgkgdfftlwfitegreyieaprwadigivavmliiyfnvaatvikagrltglmgvllidllalaglyvagmfftpnithdqfwwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgvlmgyalmtvlgtprriiegwlylevllvfgtgilglghhyywigtpeywlgiggffssleplplvamivhavydagvhklqtvnrpalfwiflqafgnffgagvwgfmhtlpqinlyshgtqmaashghlaffgayvatnlallyiilqhirapegpildsrtwkvayigmiismvgmvgallvagfaqtfferavggatwqdfivtqmhpwvsipymwrlgfgvlfflsyivlvydlltigkkatavevkpa
>Chromobacterium_sp._LK1  coded_by=145094..146521,organism=Chromobacterium sp. LK1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msnatvatpprgataavaqvryrsqavakpyfiaaiglfigqivfgliiglqyvigdflfpavpfgtarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgagyylipeeserelhsprlaiitfwvflvagaltilgylglpyhelarltgndllptmgrgyleqplitkvgivlvalsflynlsmtllagrktsisivmmlglwglavfflfsfvnpnnlvldkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyliiamtlitgiigtghhyfwigvpaywqlwgsifsalepvpffmmtlfafnmvkrrrrehpnqaatlwalgtgvmsflgagvwgfigtlsvvnyythgtqvtashghmafygayvmvvltmisytmpllrgreancaqaqkvektafwvmtlsivaitlcltaagavqvwlqrmsatplsfmetqerimpiywgrwvfgisffcglvlyvisffvtgkred
>Bacillus_licheniformis_WX-02  coded_by=1177715..1180069,organism=Bacillus licheniformis WX-02,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome subunit B
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksilvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaeaqygkrfkqlsdekqstirnhviremrknrydrpsdtlkltdaqvyglhqvrdhyrkvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpernrawvdsedqitqvsdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirellpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkrepdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvvfsiralfhlrkpthregealpvkdiasde
>Bacillus_licheniformis_WX-02  coded_by=2027539..2029893,organism=Bacillus licheniformis WX-02,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome subunit B
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksilvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaeaqygkrfkqlsdekqstirnhviremrknrydrpsdtlkltdaqvyglhqvrdhyrkvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpernrawvdsedqitqvsdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirellpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkrepdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvvfsiralfhlrkpthregealpvkdiasde
>Leptospira_licerasiae_str._MMD4847  coded_by=complement(624672..625955),organism=Leptospira licerasiae str. MMD4847,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mgfarmgfdglhdwipfnaarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaahyiipdesdreiyseklayiqlislilvgvvsiigfhlnfwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvllflfnigmtvwkgkrytttalvlyfglfsaallylpgmiqfnsqtvdsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyiivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvpeywkwvggffsmleplaflamamfaismyrksgrnhpntialfwtigsavmsfvgagflgfahtlpqvnlythgtlitamhghlafwgayamivfailtyamplltgrklwnnptglfafwasnigmlgmtgafavagiaqvylerklgldfltvqkeiqvhflglvlaalvftsgiiafiinfirfgtptdealgaeqasgdislarrs
>Haemophilus_sputorum_HK_2154  coded_by=complement(672961..675204),organism=Haemophilus sputorum HK 2154,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgqykklwcmlvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldisanqefgknfaaldeeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamdktaqyyislygddpatkttrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdlakfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredeqdpptpevdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalffvqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamkqkapwmerlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffkvkkaa
>Kingella_kingae_PYKK081  coded_by=103237..105483,organism=Kingella kingae PYKK081,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mgqykklwyilicvltitfgllgylgvevyrqappfpeqfvsasgqtvitkdnilqgqsawqstggmelgsvlghgayqapdwtadflhrelvawleltaqaehgkkfdeltteqkaalqfrlkteyreqsamdesgtvklsdtrvkaieqvsqyyidlygdnpaydktrdnfamktntlsdaearknltrfffwtswtasanrpgsvatytnnwpheplidnkpttenymwsfasvvfllmgvgflvwgyhflrshekepeapaadplakivltpsqkalwkyaaltvilfivqillgglvahytiegqhfygiplsdilpyslartwhlqsalfwiatgfltaglfiapvlnggkdpkfqalgvnllyvalfivvagsyagnftsivlnklsgsanfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqllltvgfllwlflmlrcalpafkqggdknlltifvasivgvgafyapglfygehttlavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafifynlglvsyksattaslvagslflvggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpvmaagasfsalevvplillgheayehwsyqhaapwmkrlrwplmcftavafwnmlgagvfgflinppiqlfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvgcyikpdftynekqmtigfwllngglvgmivssllpigifqaaasithglwyarseefvqqgflemfrwirtlsdlvfisgacffafqvikmslskdkka
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_448_str._F0400  coded_by=4644..7001,organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 448 str. F0400,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mpssepssaaptgavsarrdrliakgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpakvvtangetlftteditagqkifqarglmeygsilghggylgqdftaeylrmevdsvrdqlaadgvadpdtaardmlrtnkydsrtgvltwtdeeataydgamayyarifgpeahehglkpdlitdpteikqvtafigwtawasaadrpgldysytnnwppeprvgnaptgdlmiwsvislavliggtgimfavygrwsrrigwhseespalsfrqpgqigltksqrvvawfvfviaglfvvqtlvgslaehyradvlsffgfdmgrilpyslartwhvqlslfwtalgllgaglfltpfiarreprrqhvlvwilliaaaavvvlsclaeaasqhglswakgplfsqqweyldlpfvfqvlltgalfvwvfiiwramrsrlhnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrqgkeagpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalglgmfalrylipadkwpdrlakisfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyyearqltyvtdtvnriiewgrmpgdlifilggalpylylaflgvrnwrkgrtvetfdedalyeemptapkawrgeraaldd
>Polaromonas_sp._CG9_12  coded_by=3552915..3555191,organism=Polaromonas sp. CG9_12,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mqatrklwtwlavicvlsfavlgwvgteiyltappvpkqvistqgtvlfsegqvqrgqkawlsaggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhrealalrgvwaqrdfgktfealsvgqqaelnarlkvemrgntydaatgaitlsperteavqqvarhytdlfgdapsldklreqyamssgllpdaddlkalpafifwsswsaatdrpnetdlsytsnwpheplvdntptagagiwsiasiifmiaaiagmifyhstskeesdpkpaktdplfdlkptpsmkatrkyfyvviglilaqvgmgvitahyavegqsffgfplgeilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkyqklgvdvlfyallfivvgstvtgwigtlqhlgtdfsfwvgnqgleftsmgrvwqillfigllfwvtllgrglmpalkkpsesrgliamvflaalciggfyatsltwgqtthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlglihaatantaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigamfsalevvplamigveawrnyqrsksapwvqaykwpilcfiavgfwnvvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrglsprhawsdkllapmfwclniglgmmvfislvpagiyqawasitqgmwfarsaefvhspimetlvwmrvpgdivfaigtvflawfairlltggnkqpvlagasltkra
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M1242  coded_by=complement(33736..36027),organism=Staphylococcus aureus M1242,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_W33563  coded_by=43018..45309,organism=Staphylococcus aureus W33563,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_W85432  coded_by=42962..45253,organism=Staphylococcus aureus W85432,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_IS-105  coded_by=141853..144144,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus IS-105,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21310  coded_by=complement(33698..35989),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21310,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M1228  coded_by=181266..183557,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M1228,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21251  coded_by=137647..139938,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21251,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus  coded_by=279900..282191,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137826..140117,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137827..140118,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33801..36092),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(35953..38244),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33846..36137),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(3277..5568),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137908..140199,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33851..36142),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33914..36205),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137892..140183,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=138026..140317,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137841..140132,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137842..140133,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(160843..163134),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=138026..140317,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33851..36142),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(3402..5693),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137869..140160,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=138021..140312,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137971..140262,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33855..36146),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(2855..5146),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33856..36147),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137824..140115,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137827..140118,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137875..140166,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=43243..45534,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33850..36141),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=91094..93385,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33852..36143),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=138026..140317,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33851..36142),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137845..140136,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137747..140038,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33745..36036),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137844..140135,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137973..140264,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33851..36142),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(46242..48533),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33745..36036),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137849..140140,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137831..140122,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33851..36142),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=283360..285651,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137820..140111,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33852..36143),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=138003..140294,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33851..36142),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33853..36144),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137816..140107,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33856..36147),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33741..36032),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137811..140102,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=138087..140378,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33815..36106),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33853..36144),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137814..140105,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(74675..76966),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33843..36134),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137867..140158,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=30661..32952,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137827..140118,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33854..36145),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(954..3245),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_HO_5096_0412  coded_by=279901..282192,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus HO 5096 0412,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Starkeya_novella_DSM_506  coded_by=complement(1196207..1197556),organism=Starkeya novella DSM 506,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyasqrvaywyftcamvlfgvqilagvlagtvyvlpnvlsellpfniirmihtnalivwllmgffgcayylvpeeaerdiespllayiqlgllmfgalsavagytlgvhegrefleqplwikvaivvvaliflynvsmtvlkgrrtavtsvlllglwgialfwlfafyapanlsldklywwyivhlwvegvwelvmasvlaflmikttgvdrevvekwlysivglalfsgllgtghhyywigapgywqwvgsvfsaleiapffamvifafrmvfkgrkdhpnraavlwslgctvgaffgagvwgflhtlsfvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlalityampylrgkapyhqglnilsfwlmtgamtvmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgmpymevqdqiapfywlrlgsgvvvgisailflwsvfgpvrerkarpakvavqpae
>Symbiobacterium_thermophilum_IAM_14863  coded_by=complement(3350893..3352296),organism=Symbiobacterium thermophilum IAM 14863,definition=cytochrome C oxidase heme b and copper-binding subunit
mfsnvegsasrnffytaviwmaigmsfglfaavllvipdlvknvpvleyftfgrvrpvhtnlvlfgwlsgayfatlfymvprvcgtplwserlgnfsvvfynllmtaytvtllmgmnagreyaespwilkiltvvlfalvffnvimtfarrkekelyvtawymlgavfttpviyivgnqfllpnnpitgvndavvnwfyghnilgywftpigvgavyyllpkltgnpiwshklsmigfwmlmfvygptgahhlvngpvpywlqtvaiafsvclivpvwtvltnfygtmngrwgalkesvplkftvsamvfyfitcfqgpmqslrsvssivhftnwvvghahlalvgtfsfimfatiyyalprlinreiwsaklmewhfwlsligftlffvsltigglvqgsdwaanqsanfiasvinqrpfniarafggamilgaqllfifnifktatagrqfsgesaevgsvvagv
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_JR-1  coded_by=complement(536518..537945),organism=Pseudomonas mandelii JR-1,definition=Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgtvvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtfeiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqvdgvalpfmatveqlqvlfwarfgaglgflagllcylfsfkqraraalrapaavvps
>Pseudomonas_mendocina_S5.2  coded_by=complement(1023637..1025046),organism=Pseudomonas mendocina S5.2,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mttanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaiagvltilgylavpyatlaritgnellptmgrefleqptitkagivvvalgflynigmtllkgrkttvsvvmmtgliglavmflfsffnpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrqhpnraaglwalgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrgigeapqeraqrveiagfwlmtismvlitllltaagaaqiwlqrwpsdneamafmatmdqlapyfwarlvagigfalglvcyllsfvqrknvviata
>Pseudomonas_mendocina_NK-01  coded_by=complement(146340..147749),organism=Pseudomonas mendocina NK-01,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mttanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaiagvltilgylavpyatlaritgnellptmgrefleqptitkagivvvalgflynigmtllkgrkttvsvvmmtgliglavmflfsffnpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrqhpnraaglwalgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrgigeapqeraqrveiagfwlmtismvlitllltaagaaqiwlqrwpsdneamafmatmdqlapyfwarlvagigfalglvcyllsfvqrknvviata
>Pseudomonas_mendocina  coded_by=complement(4452595..4454004),organism=Pseudomonas mendocina,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mttanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaiagvltilgylavpyatlaritgnellptmgrefleqptitkagivvvalgflynigmtllkgrkttvsvvmmtgliglavmflfsffnpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrqhpnraaglwalgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrgigeapqeraqrveiagfwlmtismvlitllltaagaaqiwlqrwpsdneamafmatmdqlapyfwarlvagigfalglvcyllsfvqrknvviata
>Magnetococcus_marinus_MC-1  coded_by=complement(123629..125011),organism=Magnetococcus marinus MC-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mtyqsqsvarlyfigalglfvgqilfglvlgtqyvigdflfpeipfnvarmvhsnllivwllfgfmgasyylvpeesetelwspllakllfwvflvagaltilgyllvpyaklaelthndllptmgrefleqptitkigivivvlgfilnigmtmlkgrktsisivlltgliglavmflfsfynpsnlvldkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgailafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyliiamtlitgilgtghhyywigtqeywqwvgslfsalepipffmmvlfafnminkrrrnhpnkaatlwamgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnylthgtqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampylrghgptsgeraqiwemwgfwlmtiamvfitlfltgagilqtymqrmgddpgafmdvqekiaffywlrlaagfvfmgglvvylmsffkgkpgqtena
>Rhizobacter_sp._Root1221  coded_by=complement(214188..216521),organism=Rhizobacter sp. Root1221,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mseaalpltddddgplspwwvravlivmalgfagliavtllayrnappiptqatdpagslqfsgddiaegqavflkyglmangsiwghgaylgpdyaaealhrmgevtaqsiaqarhqqpfsdltpshqaavraeaavelktnrydpdtgvlrltasqaathraliehwtryfhdpalngglsadlitdrtelrqftafvswaawasvaarpgedysytnnfpydpsvgnrpiagallwsalsltvllagiaavllafgkfdylgwitrghkvrpqllpgqssagqkalvkffvlvavlllgqtlvgggvahyradpggfygfdlerifpsnllrtwhlqlaifwiatayvaaalflgrslrkdeprwlaplthwlfaafalviggsligewlgisqvlgdwwfwfgnqgweylelgrvwqyllvagllawfallwtlvrphalanpaarpivrmflvaaiaipvfyipalfigakanytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltffqlglarrnvalrviyldailyflgglmgtghhwyfngqstfnmalsalfsalevvpltlltldawdfvrttrgqrdttgkaieiphkwafyflmavgfwnfvgagmlgflinlpivsyyevgtlltpahghaammgvfgmlgiallvfvlrqtsddtrwpaidryvrvafwgtngglalmvglslfpsgllqlwdvlnhgywharsldyigsdrshllewmrmpgdvvfivfgavplviasikgylgvredaksprpilvpaklpv
>Noviherbaspirillum_sp._Root189  coded_by=complement(106312..108591),organism=Noviherbaspirillum sp. Root189,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqstrklwtwlaiicvlsfaalgwvgteiyvkappiptqvistkgdvlftsedvqqgqqawlsaggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhreavslrallakdkfgkqfeqlstgqkaelealvkdelrtntykaetgtialsdirakailevaahysdlfgdepaldklreqyamtsgslanpddrkaltafffwsawaaatdrpgevglsytsnwpheplvdntpttgngiwsiasvilmiaaiagmiffhsrhkedddpappkadplfslkatpsmkatkkyfmvvvglilaqvgmgvitahysvegssffgiplanilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkfqklgvnvlfyallfivvgstvsgwlgtlqhlgtdfsfwvgnqgleftsmgrvwqillfigllfwalllgrglwpalktpsesrgliamvflaalciggfyatsltwgprthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraasansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviaigamfsalevvplsligveayrnyqrskaapwvqsykwailcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglsdrlawsdkllsptfwllniglammvfmslvpagiyqawasiskgmwyarspevihsafmenmvwlrvpgdivfaigtvflavfalrllgrgkqevavatpaikaska
>Geobacillus_sp._WSUCF1  coded_by=30721..32229,organism=Geobacillus sp. WSUCF1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mshmevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgevlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhepfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeaytegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpvllhlrvlyrtgyelydg
>Pseudomonas_sp._MT-1  coded_by=complement(4238336..4239763),organism=Pseudomonas sp. MT-1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B NorB
msvmnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaelthnellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtllkgrktaismvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrqhpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrieiwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlavffwlrlvagvffliglvlylcsfrqrgratadvpaavvaa
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevppeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_175_str._F0384  coded_by=complement(1629221..1631563),organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 175 str. F0384,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mssaattegassrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpqkvvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkkqlaaqgvadpaaatkemmrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayneavshyttmfgpdahshglkpdlitdpvqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwpaeslvgntptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeevgltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgfdlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarrepkkqhvlvwtlfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfaqqweyldlpfvfqvlltlalfvwvfiiwramrsrlsnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwperlaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvstgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifilggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdtfaedalyeeiqggrkawrgeraelnd
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL082PA2  coded_by=12734..15067,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL082PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrivdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL103PA1  coded_by=complement(60934..63267),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL103PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrivdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._PSR-1  coded_by=complement(29986..32274),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. PSR-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mspkaravslfvivacftvlifggaqiskhkppiparavapsgevvftaedvalgqrqylsrggqqtgsvwghgaylapdwsadalhrtglvtaglkhglapadaarftqadltalpagergrveaevaaelrenrydpatdtltlspgqvaaypalvayytqlfrdgndpmsipagfvpdaadakaitafffwtawaagtnrpgetftytanfpfdplvgngplpsslvwsivsmvllilgtalaifyylrmrakdpehhvkiaplqepkptpsqraalpyfavaivlfilqaalgsltghfavegnklfgidlgmllpyaatrgwhlqlavfwiatcwlatglfigpavagghepkgqkalvwtllgalvvvvvgalagtylgvrgklsgpngwlvgnqgyeyielgrvwqvaliagmllwlflvyraikpalkaeqdrgglthlllyasvsiplfysvglfytpgthiavadywrwwvvhlwvenffevfatvalafilskigavgersatrathfsillylgagiigtfhhlyftgsplfitalgatfsaleivpltllgfevyenlklarsggnatpwkwplyffvavafwnavgagvlgflinppivlyyaqglnttpihshgalfgvygflaialmlfsmrnivrtaawsdrllkvafwglnaglagmivlsllpagiyqlviavreglwyarspevtgsafihavtwarvlpdlvfvggalallgfvvraivldvklrradpaggeaatvrkaa
>Campylobacter_sp._10_1_50  coded_by=complement(33358..35589),organism=Campylobacter sp. 10_1_50,definition=hypothetical protein
mreykrywlalvavlvvcfsilgyygvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkyadlnaeqkanlkvllkkeyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkavsqvaseyaalfgndpkfkplreayamkentlpnasdradlnnfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenvfwsiaslvillagigllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfvfqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfmgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygtglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimaigasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyklqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasldqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwlrmlgdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkka
>Aggregatibacter_segnis_ATCC_33393  coded_by=complement(38471..40720),organism=Aggregatibacter segnis ATCC 33393,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwfllvavligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvteqgepvithdnilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtilksrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaaidktaqyyislygddpaskatrehfamkdntlpslearqdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenvmwsiasivfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpispevdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgavvahytvegqefygldisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllnsglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkhian
>Ruegeria_pomeroyi_DSS-3  coded_by=complement(237713..239080),organism=Ruegeria pomeroyi DSS-3,definition=nitric oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyesqkialvyfavamglfaiqvlggllagwiyvapntlsellpfnivrmlhtnslivwlilgffgaayflipeeaereihstklayiqlailvlgtlgvvvtyvfnlfeghwllgkegrefieqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvsmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlaldkqywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaifsyampillnrdpynqvlnmasfwlmssgmvfmtfvltfagtiqthlqrvlgeyfmdvqdqvaifywmrfgsglvvvigallfiyamwvprreiiergtaetpae
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL072PA1  coded_by=complement(75503..77836),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL072PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilrftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL072PA2  coded_by=12654..14987,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL072PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilrftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=224652..226937,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkdelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykeefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglasiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpksevdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=224583..226868,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkdelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykeefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglasiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpksevdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus  coded_by=complement(147197..149482),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkdelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykeefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglasiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpksevdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Jannaschia_rubra  coded_by=complement(312960..314330),organism=Jannaschia rubra,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvayayfvcamglfaiqvlggltagwvyvqpnflsevfpfhiirmlhtnalivwlllgffgatyflipeesereiwstklaylqlailvvgtlgavigygfkihggrefleqplwvrlgilvaaviflinvsmtvlagrktaitgvlltglwllsllwifalinpsnlsldkmywwfvihlwvegtwelvmaavlafillkltgvdreviekwlyvivatalftgilgtghhfywigtpgywqwigsifgaleitpfflmmsfafvmvwkgrrnhpnkaallwslgsatiaffgagvwgvlhnmhgvnyyshgtqitaahghlafygayvainlaiityampilrnrepynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtftltfagtiqthmqrvlgeyymvvqddlalfyvmrwvsgifvvagallfiyatfvvrkrevisagpanpaptvsqplpge
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1  coded_by=1460427..1461764,organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalyyfagalalfvaqvlfgtllgtvvvapnfladlvpfnilrmihtnalivwllmgffgcayylipeeaetelhspklaviqfwlflfgaaaavvgylfkihegrefleqplwiklaivvvalmflynvtmtvlkgrktaitnilllglwgiaifflfslynpnnlvldkmfwwwvvhlwvegvwelvmasvlaflmikltgvdreivekwlyvivamslftgilgtghhyywigtpaywqwigsifstlevlpffamvvftfymvwkggrthpnkaallwalgcsafaffgagvwgflhtlapinyythgtqvtaahghlafygayvmlniamftyamplilkrepynqllnmwgfwitsgavsfmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvlglsfmevqdqlqlfyqfrlgaglftllgvvlivwslvvpgkakqaagyqaae
>Mycobacterium_kansasii_824  coded_by=629812..632058,organism=Mycobacterium kansasii 824,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mifgflvmgilvyrtytaampmpdkvvtesgqvlftgdditrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatddvadqlraqgvadprdrvvtefrtnrynpdtktlvftdrqaaafgriqnhyaayfgenstkygllpqlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkysytnnwpaeqrvdngptaavilwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaevsnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipqggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfyavgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgstveelpehplytevraeptsgvkspard
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-066ASC  coded_by=complement(65395..66765),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-066ASC,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllnilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstklayiqlvlwtlmgvtavigylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtikksgrftttegvlllglvssavlffpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevlekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvphywlpiggffsaleplaivgmaiyaysamrrsglahpnslalhwtlgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpsltnkrpeqgttigywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlistasifatgvglfiydffsyrprfetldnelmepavpadrvv
>Shewanella_woodyi_ATCC_51908  coded_by=complement(1034961..1037249),organism=Shewanella woodyi ATCC 51908,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mskqkltaialivvliasftvllsigseiyrekppipnaftgtnaevvftqddieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhkeaqawlditannryqqsfsslnsetkagleqllredmrhnsvvetsdgytsislsqtriqaikqvsahylslfgsdpelsslreqyamkegtipelkrreqlnaflfwgawaavterpdqsytytnnwpydpqignlptsdnivwsilsiitliagigalvwhhasgkheplptpaeqdplffnkptpsqkavgkyfvtaiglfllqivlggitahyavegqefygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkfqrlgvnilwvallvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfsldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqimllaglliwlalvtaairpalktegemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialmlvrlglirtrsanaavlfatvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeavesyrlrkaapwmsrykwaimffvatafwnlvgagilgflinppialyfiqglnttathahgafmgvygmlgiglmlfclrglsgqmqwnekllkgafwtlniglaamivmsllpvgivqffavlehgywfarspevihsplvetlvwmrmfgdilfgiggillgyflfdiikkalgkrklaqnpeglsanl
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL025PA2  coded_by=10409..12742,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL025PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswflfviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L354  coded_by=23559..25793,organism=Arcobacter butzleri L354,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkkqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgigglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhirsegknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnetmskwafwlitigvivyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelledmsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK8976  coded_by=complement(<1..1537),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK8976,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwyiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Arcobacter_butzleri_RM4018  coded_by=1352079..1354313,organism=Arcobacter butzleri RM4018,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkkqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgvgglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhikserknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnetmskwafwlitigvivyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkiik
>Thalassomonas_viridans  coded_by=complement(21102..23372),organism=Thalassomonas viridans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkstkriwqalfavficsfgvllylgseiyqkappipeliqsesgkvlftredieqgqlvwrsmgghqngsiwghgsllapdwnadwlhrealawldllawpaygknydelnepeqkylqaqlqqkirantynpatgqltvsedraqvilslsryyqglfsadpefsalreqyalkegvlkdderayrlsafffwstwatvterpgkdisytsnwpyeplvanepdgdllgwsmfsiilmiagigalvwhhaslkheelptpsatdpllsldikpsqravfkyfltaiglfllqitlggitahyavegqefygyplaeilpyavtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglfiapalsnhepkwqklgvnvlwvallvvvlgsmfgewyaaqqvwdldtsywfghqgyefvdlgriwqilllaglliwlalvtrailpalshnhehrpvvmvlflssiaiglfygvglmmgkhthlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfaaavvsllfvrlgliraksanttvlfttvifltggiigtlhhlyfggtptsviawgasfsalevvplaligfeayesyklgqaspwmtrykwaimffvacsfwnlvgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnitalhahtafmgvygmlgiglilfclrpmigelywndrllkyafwtlnlglammafmsllpvgviqfnavmdqgywyarspeiihsaaveslvwwrlpgdvvfaagggfiilfmlnalrsflpkkagaglalnqe
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM233  coded_by=complement(2451..>4708),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM233,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM165  coded_by=complement(7582..9837),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM165,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3223  coded_by=complement(3251..5506),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3223,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM80  coded_by=complement(6090..8345),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM80,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM51  coded_by=complement(7175..9430),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM51,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3042  coded_by=complement(7131..9386),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3042,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Rhodospirillum_centenum_SW  coded_by=4178265..4180523,organism=Rhodospirillum centenum SW,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB, putative
mqtrrlwlvlalvmaasfaalglmgrqihreappmpeavvradgsvlfsrddieqgrlawqsmggmqvgsiwghggylapdwsadwlhreavalldlwagrergmpfasldaeaqaaltsrltreirtnsydpaagsitvsddraaaimavaghyerllgddptmtplreqyaiadnavpdagrradiaafyfwtawaagtdrpgdsvtytnnwphepligntattpnvmwsvlsvvllvagigalvwhhartrqedapvpptadpllslrptpsmratrkyfvtviglflaqvtlgaltahyaveghdfygiplsqllpyavtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlatglyiapavsgheprfqrlgvnvlwaalvlvvvgslagewlgvqqafdletnwwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqillfvglmlwlvlvgralwpalkvpsesrpvlwilflstvaiglfyaagfmwgkhthismveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavvslifvrlglvraatanaavlagtivfltggvlgtahhwyfsgtpvsviavgavfsalevvplalvgaeafetyrhtkaapwvqayrwpilffvavsfwnllgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnltanhghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgllhrgwsdgllrtafwalnaglammtflslfpagavqawasicyglwyarsaelvhsplmetlvwmrvpgdivfsagalvlalfvwrlirggsragkvqavpae
>Bizionia_argentinensis_JUB59  coded_by=complement(173654..175879),organism=Bizionia argentinensis JUB59,definition=putative membrane protein
mrkiwiafisvvvlsfivliwigtevyqtqppipeqviiketnevvytkadiqigqnvwesiggmevgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwihkeavfmlehwaqtdfktayndldvenmaalkarlikdiktntfnpdnqtitisqirwnaisanikhyssifsdgheqyaipvgaltdavkleqlnaflfwtswaastnrpekdytytsnwpheplidnlitddslmwsglsivllllfigllayyylrnhekgevlekpnidplsklqlvgsqravlkyfivisllialqvilgvitvhytvegqaffgfdlssvlpysitrtwhtqlaifwiaatwlatglflapmisgkemkyqifginflfvalivivlgsmlgewlgvhqfldlttnfffghqgyeymdlgrfwqiflgiglvlwvimvgrhlvfairkndeskhliiillisvmaigmfffsglmygenstlpvinywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatvviafifsrmkilspktagrlsvasaaiflaggiigtlhhlyysgtpvqaialgatfsalevvpltlmgfeirenwnllkskdwiqkykwpifffiavafwnfigagvfgfiinppialyyiqglnttavhshtalfgvygmlgmgfiiiclrfysdrvwqntklkrafwllnigliamvvlsllpigiiqaytsitkgysyareaellyspvvqtlkwmrmigdiifsagifyfcwftidetwynfkrknvt
>Neisseria_meningitidis_ATCC_13091  coded_by=2745..5000,organism=Neisseria meningitidis ATCC 13091,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnfsalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Geobacter_soli  coded_by=complement(71507..72829),organism=Geobacter soli,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mvyksqrianwyftialllfvlqvimglwlisnyvftipqsivdvfpfataramhtnllvlwmllgfmggtyyivpeetgseiwspglawfqlvalvatgvvalvgfafgwiqgrplleiprpldivvvigalvflfnvgmtmflarrwtaiqgtllgglvflallylfgipfysnevidwyywwwvihlwvegawelvtgaimafvlmrltgvdrqvvekwlyievglflftgiagtghhyywigaptywlwvggifsaleplpillmvidtmnhvrhrktqivnphtwtiavgcavlhligagiwgfahtlpqinyythgsqvtvshghlaffgayallnlmvfyyamprlkgieiykptraklgfwtmcsammlmgltfgiagvlqsylervlgmgymtaqsymwlwmavtlvlgvfflagvvitvfdllfpkaael
>Neisseria_sp._KH1503  coded_by=complement(69709..71967),organism=Neisseria sp. KH1503,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyaliavltitfsllgylgvevyrqappfpqqyvstsgqvvmtkedilagqsawqstggmelgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlditaqaeygqkyeqldsarqaglrerlsdeyrnqsrmgdngqvvlsdtrikaieavapyyitlygddpsmittrehfamkngtlpseearkkltnfffwtawaastnrpehtatytnnwpheplinnvptpenymwslasivflllgvgllvwgfsflsnknkaehetgsvaqdpiakitltasqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggvtahytvegqqfyginlsewfpyalvrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkyqalgvnllyialfivvggsyagnffalshmipshlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillmvglllwlwlmlrctvnafkdkngdknllaifvasiigvgvfyapglmygehtsltimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafifynmglvtkkmatvaslvsaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgasfsalevvplillgkeayehwsyqhaapwarrlrwplmcfvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfylqglnttavhahsalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpdvhfddqlmtwgfwllnigltlmvvisllpigviqayasisqglwyarsegfmqqdlldtlrwvrtiadlifiggaccvawqackivfarnhkav
>Shewanella_sp._MR-4  coded_by=3695264..3697549,organism=Shewanella sp. MR-4,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mskqkltaiallvvliasftvllsigseiyrekppipnaftdvngqviysendieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaeawldiraeqqyktpfaqlnsqqkagleqalredlrhnsvepqadgtvlirlsstrieainrveqhylslfgsdpelsnlreqyamkegtvpdlarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdapytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggliwhhasgkheslpkpseqdplfftkptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefyglpiseilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkyqrlgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqilllvglliwlalvtaaikpalkvqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhanlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsangavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkasgwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagmlgflinppislyyiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgnmqwndkmlkgafwclniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywfarspevihsplverlvwmrmfgdvifsiggllmgaflldlirkalnkpakvqqevlqtnh
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root480  coded_by=complement(365652..367979),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root480,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mpidaaahtvsepllgddgpvspwwvrtlvivmvggfallimittlayrhappipgkvvdaqgttlftgadvsdgqavmlryglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysalalhmigvdvsealalqrfgkpadqldagsraalqaetavilktnrydsgtdtlqltaaeadayrkqiphwadyfklstgngglkpnlitdpteirqfsafvtwaawasvanrpgknfsytnnfpydpsvgnvptggavlwsalslvillagiatvllifgrfenlgwishghhvhpqvlpgaaspgqralvkfyvvvaalflmqtlvggaiahsraepgdfygfpldnifpsnllrtwhlqtailwiatayvaaalflgrtlrrdeprsfamwvhllfgafavvivgsllgewagisqllgdwwywlgnqgweylelgrlwqvllviglfawfamlwtlvrprvvtaqarplavmfliaalavpvfyvpalfigshdnftvvdtwrfwiihlwlegffelfattvvaltfyqlglarrntalrviyldailyflgglvgtghhwyfsgqthinmalaglfsvlevvpltlltldawafvrttrgecdecgkainiphkwtfyflmavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyetgtiltpnhghaalmgvfgmlaialmvfvlrqtiddkrwpavekyikvaffgtngglvlmmllslfpggvwqmwdviengywharapaftggtvaktlewmrmpgdmvfilfgsvplfiaavkgwllmradggnaldsan
>Acidovorax_sp._Root275  coded_by=complement(701283..702719),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root275,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhiptlkyqsqsvsklyfiaamalfagqiifgitlglqyvvgdlffpyvpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeesetelhsvllakvlfwvfltagaltivgyltvpyaklaeltgndllqtmgrefleqplptkvgivvvalgflynismtvlkgrktaislvllmglwglalvflfsfvnphnlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegvwelilgsllayvlvkttgvdrevidkwlyviiafalmtgilgtghhfyfiglpgywhwigsifsalepvpffmmtvfafnmvqrrrrdhpnqaavlwavgtavlgflgaglwgfihtlsavnyythgsqitaahghlafygayvlvvitlisyamptlrgrianspraqaaemwsfwimsigmavmvlaltgagilqvwlqripetnamgfmatqeqlsifywvrvgggvvfllgqllffysffiggdpvteegrtgtpghtalgta
>Ruegeria_atlantica  coded_by=complement(9073..10440),organism=Ruegeria atlantica,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyesqkiayayfavamglfaiqviggliagwiyvspnflsellpfnivrmlhtnalivwlilgffgaayflipeeaereihspmlaylqliilvvgtlgvvltytfnlfegnwllgkegrefleqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvsmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfafynpgnlsldkqywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpaywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclnlaifsyampilknrdpynqvmnmgsfwlmtsgmvfmtfvltfggtvqthmqrvvgdyfmdvqdqiaifywmrfgsgvvvvlgallfiysvwvprkeiiepgaaetpae
>Ruegeria_atlantica  coded_by=complement(10627..11994),organism=Ruegeria atlantica,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyesqkiayayfavamglfaiqviggliagwiyvspnflsellpfnivrmlhtnalivwlilgffgaayflipeeaereihspmlaylqliilvvgtlgvvltytfnlfegnwllgkegrefleqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvsmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfafynpgnlsldkqywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpaywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclnlaifsyampilknrdpynqvmnmgsfwlmtsgmvfmtfvltfggtvqthmqrvvgdyfmdvqdqiaifywmrfgsgvvvvlgallfiysvwvprkeiiepgaaetpae
>Rothia_mucilaginosa_DY-18  coded_by=1250180..1252672,organism=Rothia mucilaginosa DY-18,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msrpssgcasgplhlqiprtletytmatkpvsraqaakiarrsdtvgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimavlamrtyalsmplpdkivgndgktiatqeqilhgqelfqgrglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlttdaavkeyreqgkqdprelvknewrkenkydeqtktitwsagetkgyqlmlkhyretlmkgdtsqglfpnaikndeelhdivaffgwtawasaadrpdqpysytnnwpsepnvdnkptadlmvwsalslialiggtglmfaiygrwsraigwhaeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaacllfatilvlfllqalvgaltehyreeltgffgidmgqllpytvsrtwhlqlslfwtagaflaggifiaplitrrepkkqglltyvligavvfvvlgsllnewfsqkglipkeftgffsqqwefldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlsarlkgskktslpwlflfsglaipmfyavgllagqrthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysaggvigtlhhtyfvgtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahasmmgvygmlaiafavfglrylipedkwpekglkfsfwtlnigllwmsfisllplgiaqlyksvgegyyearsfafihdgasavmgwmrmpgdviflvgiipliklallgikeifsknaketvlelpepplyevvedariaefagakaaeelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM41(2012)  coded_by=357394..358824,organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM41(2012),definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwilfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglaklthnellptmgrefleqptiskmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrdhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyampklrglgeaadersqqleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqiylqrwpvdgvalpfmatvdhlqvlfwarlgaglgffaglicylfsfkrrvpvgitataasavrs
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_1956  coded_by=complement(1941094..1943418),organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare 1956,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftdaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MOTT-64  coded_by=complement(1922826..1925150),organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MOTT-64,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftdaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Mycobacterium_parascrofulaceum_ATCC_BAA-614  coded_by=complement(24304..26628),organism=Mycobacterium parascrofulaceum ATCC BAA-614,definition=hypothetical protein
maaqqtaqqassqplvgkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtytasmpmpdkvvnesgqvlftgdditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmatqdvaaqlrargmadprdrvvtefrtnrynpetktlvftdrqaaafdhiqghyaayfgenstkygllphsitdkaqihdltaffawtawagaaerpghkysytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhgaegstlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygviphgffsqqweyldlprlfqilliigmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllassgthytvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklartsfwcmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlyhsvsdgyfearslgyitrpgnaviewlrmpgdiilivggvlpfvwiawtalrhfrtgstvqelpehplyveapaepesgatvsakd
>Mobilicoccus_pelagius_NBRC_104925  coded_by=complement(13184..15595),organism=Mobilicoccus pelagius NBRC 104925,definition=hypothetical protein
msgarmsstlaspssaasptgstpsrdrrwwwalavvvlgsftvllwmgleideskppiparvvatdgtvlvdgddvmdgqrvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatfvldeyardmgvasydaaspeqqgalqarlrqtfrtntydpaagtitldpvrarafeanarhyadvfgrgheqyaipagtvkdpeamrqmttffwwsswaastnapgddatytrnwpheplvgntptptnvlwsiisiivllagiagmvwyqnfgphddevtdapptadpllgyeptpsqratlkyffvvgalfvfqiaagilsahygvegaalygipidrilpyavvrtwhtqlgilwiatawlatglyvapavggreprfqrlgvnvlfgalvlvvggsmigqwlsitgrmgygttrswwlgttgmeyldlarlwqigllvglflwfglmargmwpalgraadgpltptaeaplaaggrrtlvlmllmsclaiasffgaafgmghdthlsiteywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfsrlgllrpavaatatlsattifllggiigtghhlyftgandpvmawsatfsalevvplaligfeafrnlrilrvsewvagykwaiyfflsvsfwnalgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpgrewndlpiklgfwglnggllamallsllplglaqawasiteglwyarsaeflatpaltvlrwmrtpgdvlfglgalaigvfmvglltghsyragggrtvpgqavaagttpheea
>Achromobacter_piechaudii_HLE  coded_by=complement(26435..28690),organism=Achromobacter piechaudii HLE,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
miavvaitfallgfyggevyrqappipgtvatadgarlfgrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaardqhgqayaqlappeqaalreslkaeyranrsdaatdtltvsprraraiaqtaayydqlfsdapalhgsresfamkentlpdaarrtqltrfffwtawaaateregktvtytnnwpheplignqpsaenvmwsiisvvvllagigllvwawaflrgkeevepqaperdplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkfqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlllmlrgivpalrkpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlksrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirphyalspglmklafwglniglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvseglwyarseafmqqdllktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvmqvilgllsarpalaeprlragtaqg
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=143858..146137,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mrsykklwwslvavtmvtfailgwtgvevyrqappmpvkvvtpdgreftsqeqihrgqsawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhrealawldlaaqqtyslnydqlttsqqatlrqelqdeyrpnrideatgvlqiserrakaidttaqyyidlfgdapelkssresfamkdntlpelqrrqdmtrfffwlswatvterpgttvsytnnwpheplvdnhpstanivwsivsivlllagigllvwiwafthkeeeapvapatdpvlafrltpsqralkkyafltvalfviqvflggftahytvegqmfygidvsqwfpysltrtwhiqaallwiasgfltaglflvplinggedpkfqrlgvdvlfgalvvlfigsfagnflaiknilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqiikfvglafwlllmlrgmwpalrrdkgdnhllvlltistvaiglfygtglfygehtnitimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvamgfifltlglvskrsatiaglaaaslflvggvpgtlhhlyfsgtttpimaigasfsalevvplimlgyeafhnwkmqkqaswmsdlrwpvmffvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttplhahaalfgvygflslgfvllvvryispevryndrlmswgfwtlnlglvlmmfvsllpagiiqawasisegmwyarseefmqqpilqslrwwrtlgdvvfiagallvfqqvlvrimagrrgaaahaagavkas
>Flavobacterium_sp._Root186  coded_by=79494..81728,organism=Flavobacterium sp. Root186,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnkekklwigfalvmsisfsvlgyygyeiyqeappipteivgpnntviftseeikdgqnvwqsmggqevgtiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreamfildklsekeyaktfaelteeqqatmkirlqndvrkntydsstgiitisqnrieaiaylskyyeglfmddpkfetlrhnyaipkmsikdpermhkmnafffwatwatvterpnqkisythnwpsdelvgnvatkdllvwsgvsiilllfcigvlifyhvrsgedehfeipvqdpllkqgmtpsmfrikkylwvvsllivlqvvmgvitahygvegngffgipldqilpyavtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavagkdpkfqtfgvdflfyalilivlgsmagqwfgvmqklnlvenfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifllvglflwlalmvrpllpvlkkktgernliimflisctaiatfyaaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlnvifstiifmsggilgtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyklskstqwikdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrslyrheiwnekamkfifwstnigllamallsllpvgiwqaiesiehgmwyarsaelmqqpamvtlkwlraigdtifgfgvlalcwfvfdltlrkks
>Intrasporangium_calvum_DSM_43043  coded_by=complement(320132..322441),organism=Intrasporangium calvum DSM 43043,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mvatptqrdtsqrqmlvgkgwvqgvalvmlfgffvmgilayrtytasmpqpdkvvsqsgetvftteditagqvifqarglmqygsimghggylgpdftaeylrhateftehqirdsgaqdprtlnveewrtnrydettgvltftdnqvsafqdakayytgffgenstkyglkprlitdpqqihqltaffawtawasaaerpgfdysytnnwpmeprvengptpdllvwsglslialiggtgllfaiygrwsrkigwhseeapaiafrqpgtvgltlaqratawfffviallfliqvvvgaaaehyradilsffgfdlaqwlpynlartwhvqlslfwtaagflaagifltplisgrepkgqhriayallgalavvvfgsltaealsihgvewakgplfqqqweyldlprifqilltvgmilwitmifrgirsrlkgeskgnmpwlfffsalaipafyavgllassethltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekialgiifmdvilysmggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlgarqeaktsapfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfalrylippdkwpekwakvsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvgqgyyearelafitnntnallewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpflwitwlglrhyrdgtvvdelpqdvlfvelepvkkk
>Colwellia_psychrerythraea_34H  coded_by=603947..605338,organism=Colwellia psychrerythraea 34H,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, B subunit
mntlkyqsqavakpyfifamilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflggiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeaetelyspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpystladitfnelwptmgrefleqptitkfgivivclgflfnlgmtilkgrktainmvmmtgliglavfflfafynptnlaldkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailayvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgilgtghhfywlmtpeywqwvgsifsaleplpffamvlyafnmvnrrrrehpnkaatlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlsfvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayamivmtiisyampklrgigeancnkaqvvemwgfwlmtvamvfitlfltgagilqvwlqrlpesgealsfmatqdklaifywlreisgvifllglisyitsffitekkaqa
>Idiomarina_sp._MCCC_1A10513  coded_by=complement(50316..52586),organism=Idiomarina sp. MCCC 1A10513,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
magykklwwtliailaitfgilgyfgkevyreappipakfvttngqtlmteesildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlelaaaetfatdydkltpaqqnqlqfelkqayrtntynpttnevvlgerraqamaatadyyvrlfsddaslrgtresyamkentlpslerrqqmtdfffwtawsaaterpdsdvtytnnwpheplidnvpspeniiwsivsvilliagvggliwawafirkhdeeepqapkqdpislvkltpsqkalgkylfivvalftlqvllggftahytvegqefyginvsewfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvvvggtfvgsylaiaqimpehlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfvgivfwlvlmmrgvigafkvkgdknllalftasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattaiafifhsmglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgyeawenwsmqhkapwmarikwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppislyyvqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfvllilryirpnlafndklmntafwwmniglvlmlfssllpigfiqffaaaseglwyarseafmqqplleglrwvrtvgdvifiigalaiswqvvsglwgkqsqvdavavkqn
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR491  coded_by=2192186..2194507,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR491,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflivaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqvgffiglvfwsalilrglwpglasikqaarqfwtgrirlehlirasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_BH8  coded_by=complement(2325075..2327366),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae BH8,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqknhsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvitsttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Propionibacterium_sp._CC003-HC2  coded_by=complement(105044..107377),organism=Propionibacterium sp. CC003-HC2,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflvqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._409-HC1  coded_by=complement(19132..21465),organism=Propionibacterium sp. 409-HC1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflvqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5848  coded_by=complement(3086484..3088805),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5848,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5855  coded_by=2983908..2986229,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5855,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5855  coded_by=24006..26327,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5855,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NCTC_13178  coded_by=2211637..2213958,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NCTC 13178,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwtsycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddldtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagapiggylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM67  coded_by=complement(8249..9676),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM67,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaillfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqadgialpfmstvehlqvlfwarlgsgvgffagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM60  coded_by=complement(8393..9820),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM60,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaillfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqadgialpfmstvehlqvlfwarlgsgvgffagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Leptospira_vanthielii_serovar_Holland_str._Waz_Holland_=_ATCC_700522  coded_by=complement(131641..132990),organism=Leptospira vanthielii serovar Holland str. Waz Holland = ATCC 700522,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigldglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqliswvvvgviaiigfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtidsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgknhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlvtamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnltgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagitqvylerklgmdflvvqkeiifhfygmllaatlftvgityfivdfirhglpsnealgknvgdld
>Brevundimonas_sp._Root1423  coded_by=complement(39254..41536),organism=Brevundimonas sp. Root1423,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mttkrlwivlalimatsfavlgmmgreinrqappipaqvvdttgavlltrediqtgqlawqsmggqqvgsvwghggyvapdwsadqlhrettallemwsqrehgqswasldverqaalkarvkremrtntydpatdtitvsadraaamrevkahyvallgddpaleslreqyaiannavpdagrrnqisafywwaswgagtqrpndvitytsnwpheplidnvptpanivwsvasvlllifgvaalvfwharqpkdehleppnadplmgmkptpsmkaagkyfltvialfllqvglgavtahyaveghdfygipisewipyavtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapivsgkeprfqalgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewfgvqqifdldtnwwfghqgweyidlgrfwqsllfvglllwlllvtralwpalreksqakpvlvilflstvaialfyaagfmwgkhthismveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisllfvrlglvrpmvanvavvfgtivfmtggvlgtahhwyfagtptsvmaigsvfsalevvplalvgfeafenwrhtkaapwvkaykwpilffvavgfwnllgagvfgfminpplslyyiqglnttathahaalfgvygmlgiglllfcfrslarreawsdtllawtfwllniglammlflsllpigvvqafasiehgmwyarspavlhsplvqtlvwmrvpgdvvfgagavtlaifaarlviaglkprpgtdpaaepavlpae
>Brevundimonas_sp._Root608  coded_by=993066..995348,organism=Brevundimonas sp. Root608,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mttkrlwivlalimatsfavlgmmgreinrqappipaqvvdttgavlltrediqtgqlawqsmggqqvgsvwghggyvapdwsadqlhrettallemwsqrehgqswasldverqaalkarvkremrtntydpatdtitvsadraaamrevkahyvallgddpaleslreqyaiannavpdagrrnqisafywwaswgagtqrpndvitytsnwpheplidnvptpanivwsvasvlllifgvaalvfwharqpkdehleppnadplmgmkptpsmkaagkyfltvialfllqvglgavtahyaveghdfygipisewipyavtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapivsgkeprfqalgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewfgvqqifdldtnwwfghqgweyidlgrfwqsllfvglllwlllvtralwpalreksqakpvlvilflstvaialfyaagfmwgkhthismveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisllfvrlglvrpmvanvavvfgtivfmtggvlgtahhwyfagtptsvmaigsvfsalevvplalvgfeafenwrhtkaapwvkaykwpilffvavgfwnllgagvfgfminpplslyyiqglnttathahaalfgvygmlgiglllfcfrslarreawsdtllawtfwllniglammlflsllpigvvqafasiehgmwyarspavlhsplvqtlvwmrvpgdvvfgagavtlaifaarlviaglkprpgtdpaaepavlpae
>Brucella_suis_bv._1_str._S2  coded_by=231488..232837,organism=Brucella suis bv. 1 str. S2,definition=norB
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_inopinata_BO1  coded_by=complement(14059..15408),organism=Brucella inopinata BO1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=231633..232982,organism=Brucella canis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F8/06-2  coded_by=20066..21415,organism=Brucella suis F8/06-2,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_CNGB_786  coded_by=505671..507020,organism=Brucella suis CNGB 786,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_92/29  coded_by=505647..506996,organism=Brucella suis 92/29,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F4/06-146  coded_by=159724..161073,organism=Brucella suis F4/06-146,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_92/63  coded_by=214711..216060,organism=Brucella suis 92/63,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_94/11  coded_by=159647..160996,organism=Brucella suis 94/11,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_63/252  coded_by=207235..208584,organism=Brucella suis 63/252,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_F7/05A  coded_by=872261..873610,organism=Brucella canis F7/05A,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_1172  coded_by=383702..385051,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 1172,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_1324  coded_by=468261..469610,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 1324,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F9/06-1  coded_by=20471..21820,organism=Brucella suis F9/06-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-5  coded_by=19880..21229,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-5,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F8/06-3  coded_by=159618..160967,organism=Brucella suis F8/06-3,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F8/06-1  coded_by=19775..21124,organism=Brucella suis F8/06-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-2  coded_by=20066..21415,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-2,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-1  coded_by=159759..161108,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F5/05-4  coded_by=335764..337113,organism=Brucella suis F5/05-4,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F12/02  coded_by=347287..348636,organism=Brucella suis F12/02,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_CNGB_247  coded_by=505653..507002,organism=Brucella suis CNGB 247,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_63/261  coded_by=159691..161040,organism=Brucella suis 63/261,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_63/198  coded_by=158578..159927,organism=Brucella suis 63/198,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_01-5744  coded_by=330869..332218,organism=Brucella suis 01-5744,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_79/122  coded_by=188303..189652,organism=Brucella canis 79/122,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_513  coded_by=139190..140539,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 513,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_F5/05-10  coded_by=159732..161081,organism=Brucella suis F5/05-10,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=328896..330245,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=231529..232878,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_ATCC_23445  coded_by=232869..234218,organism=Brucella suis ATCC 23445,definition=Hypothetical protein, conserved
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=204110..205459,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=204063..205412,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=15628..16977,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=204132..205481,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_str._Oliveri  coded_by=231657..233006,organism=Brucella canis str. Oliveri,definition=Brucella canis str. Oliveri chromosome II, genome
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_UK10/02  coded_by=188336..189685,organism=Brucella canis UK10/02,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_VBI22  coded_by=231502..232851,organism=Brucella suis VBI22,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_96-7258  coded_by=158537..159886,organism=Brucella canis 96-7258,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_06-988-1656  coded_by=16634..17983,organism=Brucella suis 06-988-1656,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_06-997-1672  coded_by=20162..21511,organism=Brucella suis 06-997-1672,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_04-0115  coded_by=complement(1059851..1061200),organism=Brucella suis 04-0115,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_97-9757  coded_by=64660..66009,organism=Brucella suis 97-9757,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_sp._04-5288  coded_by=complement(14060..15409),organism=Brucella sp. 04-5288,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_ATCC_23365  coded_by=231642..232991,organism=Brucella canis ATCC 23365,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis_HSK_A52141  coded_by=complement(562628..563977),organism=Brucella canis HSK A52141,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=231529..232878,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=158419..159768,organism=Brucella canis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=204048..205397,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=204132..205481,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=172654..174003,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=333419..334768,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=1145661..1147010,organism=Brucella canis,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis_bv._3_str._686  coded_by=227847..229196,organism=Brucella suis bv. 3 str. 686,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=complement(139894..141243),organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=226509..227858,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=1181806..1183155,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=188358..189707,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=226224..227573,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvqhsllfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Pseudomonas_sp._FH4  coded_by=complement(378586..380007),organism=Pseudomonas sp. FH4,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mrtvnpylkfqsqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaillfwvfavagvltilgyllvpyaalaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvmfaftmvkqrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqltaahghlaffgayamivmtlisyamprlrgigeapdarsqtleiwgfwmmvlsmvmitlfltaagavqvwlqrwqvdgvalpfmatmdhlsllfwarlasgvvfllgllcylwsfrqrgkglnaaipvaa
>Methylotenera_mobilis_JLW8  coded_by=1148605..1149978,organism=Methylotenera mobilis JLW8,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqyqsqavakpyfiaaialflgqiifglimgmqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyylipeesetelfspklalitfwvflaagaatvlgyllvpyatlakltgndllatmgrefleqplptkvgivivvlsflfnvvmtmlkgrktaislvlvlglvglavfflfsfynphnlvkdkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgailafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviitmtlitgiigtghhyywigapaywqvwgsvfsalepipffmltifafnmvnkrrrehpnqaatlwalgtgvmsflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamvvltiisyampilrgraangnkaqvvemwsfwlmtvamvfitlfltaagvlqtwlqriatvpmsfmatqdsvaifywmrevagvvfligliayitsffikgetkas
>Mycobacterium_sinense  coded_by=3180217..3182538,organism=Mycobacterium sinense,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgtptsdsgraealvgkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtytasmpmpdkvitetgeqlftgdditrgqtlfqarglmqygsilghgaylgpdytaeylrlatdnvagqfeaqgvvnphqevvaefrtnrynadtstlvftdkqarafddiarhyaeyfgesttkygllpdmitdpgeirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghsysytnnwpseprvdngptgsvvvwsvlsliallggigimftiygrwsqnigwhgaettklkfrqpgevpltrsqraaiwifavvavlfliqtllggavehyradlaefygidlakllpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfitrreptkqswlvygllgalaivvfgsmafealsifgmiepgtalsqqwefldlprvfqvlliiglflwifiiwrgmraklastsklnlpwvffftgltipafyavsllagsethfsvadfwrfwmvhlwvedflelfttamvaylfvqlgvvrervallvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqeaggehnfparwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhahaamfgvygmlavalamfafryvipadkwpnklarlsfwsmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlfhsvnagyfearslgyitqpgnallewmrlpgdlivivggvlpfcwiawialrnfrsgetvdelpehplyatvtvgadaeasetes
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(55249..57534),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraeavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Haloarcula_californiae_ATCC_33799  coded_by=112909..115191,organism=Haloarcula californiae ATCC 33799,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mklkrktiakviaaafvfnlivmgagawvayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgedirdgkkafqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteyeslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyahqqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsvvamvllvaaagggiwlynavslpepsagdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgheprrqstyidvllgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwvvgnegleylevgklwqvgllvgfglwavlsvrglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyrtmsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlraseddptvedmavaegvmgdd
>Thalassomonas_actiniarum  coded_by=complement(36887..39157),organism=Thalassomonas actiniarum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkstkriwqalfavficsfsvllylgseiyqeappiperiqsesgkviftkedieqgqlvwrsmgghqngsiwghgsllapdwnadwlhrealaslellakavynesyndltvpqqkylqaqlqqdirtnrynpatgeitvsdnraqvilslsryyqglfsanpqftalreqyalkegvlkdeqrayrlsafffwstwatvterpgkdisytsnwpyeplvanepdgdllgwsmfsiilmiagigalvwyhaslkheplptpsktdpllsldikpsqravfkyfltaiglfllqitlggitahyavegqefygyplaeilpyavtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglfiapalsnhepkfqklgvnvlwvallvvvlgsmfgewyaaqqiwdldtsywfghqgyefvdlgriwqilllaglliwlalitrailpalshqhehrpvvmvlflssiaiglfygvglmmgkhthlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfaaavvsllfvrlgliraksanttvlfttvifltggiigtlhhlyfggtptsviawgasfsalevvplaligfeafesyklgqaspwmtrykwaimffvacsfwnlvgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnitalhahtafmgvygmlgiglilfcvrpmvaehywndkllkyafwtlnlglammafmsllpvgviqfnavmeqgywyarspeiihsaaveslvwwrlpgdvvfaggggfiilfmlnalrsflpqkaaaeltlnre
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum_subsp._brassicacearum_NFM421  coded_by=complement(2579715..2581082),organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum subsp. brassicacearum NFM421,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, subunit B
mryrsqsvaywyfavamalfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdplldvlpfdvtkaihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrgelhstklayiqlglwtamgvtavlgylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmlmflynigmtikkagrftategvlllglasaavlylpallhyenyvvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywigvphywlplggffsalepmalvgmaiyaynamrrsglshpnklalhwtmgsalftmfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpgmtrrpveessigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerilgmgyldvqlkiqvhflmlvatasmfslgvglfifdffrhapqfnvdeadpvlvprasgaal
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_F113  coded_by=complement(4037241..4038608),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens F113,definition=NorB2
mryrsqsvaywyfavamalfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdplldvlpfdvtkaihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrgelhstklayiqlglwtamgvtavlgylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmlmflynigmtikkagrftategvlllglasaavlylpallhyenyvvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywigvphywlplggffsalepmalvgmaiyaynamrrsglshpnklalhwtmgsalftmfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpgmtrrpveessigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerilgmgyldvqlkiqvhflmlvatasmfslgvglfifdffrhapqfnvdeadpvlvprasgaal
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root401  coded_by=complement(210086..211453),organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root401,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryrsqsvaywyfavamalfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdplldvlpfdvtkaihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrgelhstklayiqlglwtamgvtavlgylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmlmflynigmtikkagrftategvlllglasaavlylpallhyenyvvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywigvphywlplggffsalepmalvgmaiyaynamrrsglshpnklalhwtmgsalftmfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpgmtrrpveessigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerilgmgyldvqlkiqvhflmlvatasmfslgvglfifdffrhapqfnvdeadpvlvprasgaal
>Ralstonia_pickettii_DTP0602  coded_by=complement(2604046..2606334),organism=Ralstonia pickettii DTP0602,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappipakvvvadgrtlftgddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaaqdaygrpfakltppeqgalreqlrteyrgnatdpdtnvltvskrraqaiantaayydklfsdapalhttrehyamkentlpsaerreqltqfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgkeeappqapardpllsvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklpahlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgilpalrargtdrnllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwslkqrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlspalmktafwglnaglvlmigtsllpvgiiqflasvehgtwyarseefmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfawqvvlglvnrtpmaadavparmktavr
>Geobacillus_sp._T6  coded_by=complement(2049..4412),organism=Geobacillus sp. T6,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksilvftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgkvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakekynkpfseltadekavireqvinemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikeadmpkadrawvaegdqirqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltasqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggstigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqivlvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqerdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtktstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvsfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgilqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L349  coded_by=complement(22147..24381),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L349,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegeilytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkqqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgigglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnesmskwafwlitigvlvyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Pseudomonas_sp._Chol1  coded_by=37442..38818,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Chol1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllnllpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrselhstklayiqlglwvvmgvsaiigylfrfgtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtikksgrftttegvlllglasaavlylpallhyenytvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpgywlplggffsaleplaligmamyayyamrrsglahpnklalhwtlgsavftlfgagllgfahtfpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamivyalpsltrgreeeggtigywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerilgmgyldtqlkiqihflmlvatasifatgvglfiydffrhprrieveaetdevrptsaparhvl
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_HC04  coded_by=complement(2341291..2343582),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae HC04,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=917443..919728,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrklwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipgqvvttdgkplfgrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaarerhgedyaqldaraqaalradlkaeyranrsvaatdtlvvsprraramaqtaayydqlfsdapalhgsresfamkentlpdagrraqltrfffwtawaaateregkavtytnnwpheplidnvpsaenvmwsiisvvvllagigllvwawaflrgkeddepqapakdpltafaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllgaftahytvegqkfygvdlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkfqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwgmnlglalmiftsllpvgliqfhasisegmwyarseafmqqellqnlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalaivtqvilglvsgkpaqaeprlqakparg
>Veillonella_dispar_DORA_11  coded_by=423..2660,organism=Veillonella dispar DORA_11,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mgeykkywiavvavliigfsilgylgtdvyhqappvptayvsqdgqvlftkddilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsvmldiksqeafgvlyeqlgdvqkaavkeavkaeyfnsavredgtvvlsperitamnltgqyfielygdnpklsetrdhfamkdntlpelkdridmarfffwttwmastqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesvawsvvsviillcgigivvwmwafgrkqdeheltppaedpisklhltpsqrslgkylftilalfllqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgtylgvaheipaslnfylghqgyefielgrvwqwieyigilfwlvlmvrsiigafknkgdknliaafifsvvmvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvtlglvsyragtiaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstivatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagifgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalnwglalmvlisllpigliqswasvtqglwlarsedfmqqpllqnlrwlrmvgdtimilgalaffwqivkvtftkkq
>Veillonella_parvula_ACS-068-V-Sch12  coded_by=complement(22021..24258),organism=Veillonella parvula ACS-068-V-Sch12,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgeykkywiavvavliigfsilgylgtdvyhqappvptayvsqdgqvlftkddilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsvmldiksqeafgvlyeqlgdvqkaavkeavkaeyfnsavredgtvvlsperitamnltgqyfielygdnpklsetrdhfamkdntlpelkdridmarfffwttwmastqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesvawsvvsviillcgigivvwmwafgrkqdeheltppaedpisklhltpsqrslgkylftilalfllqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgtylgvaheipaslnfylghqgyefielgrvwqwieyigilfwlvlmvrsiigafknkgdknliaafifsvvmvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvtlglvsyragtiaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstivatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagifgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalnwglalmvlisllpigliqswasvtqglwlarsedfmqqpllqnlrwlrmvgdtimilgalaffwqivkvtftkkq
>Veillonella_parvula_ATCC_17745  coded_by=907..3144,organism=Veillonella parvula ATCC 17745,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgeykkywiavvavliigfsilgylgtdvyhqappvptayvsqdgqvlftkddilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsvmldiksqeafgvlyeqlgdvqkaavkeavkaeyfnsavredgtvvlsperitamnltgqyfielygdnpklsetrdhfamkdntlpelkdridmarfffwttwmastqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesvawsvvsviillcgigivvwmwafgrkqdeheltppaedpisklhltpsqrslgkylftilalfllqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgtylgvaheipaslnfylghqgyefielgrvwqwieyigilfwlvlmvrsiigafknkgdknliaafifsvvmvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvtlglvsyragtiaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstivatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagifgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalnwglalmvlisllpigliqswasvtqglwlarsedfmqqpllqnlrwlrmvgdtimilgalaffwqivkvtftkkq
>Veillonella_parvula_DSM_2008  coded_by=complement(1721436..1723673),organism=Veillonella parvula DSM 2008,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mgeykkywiavvavliigfsilgylgtdvyhqappvptayvsqdgqvlftkddilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsvmldiksqeafgvlyeqlgdvqkaavkeavkaeyfnsavredgtvvlsperitamnltgqyfielygdnpklsetrdhfamkdntlpelkdridmarfffwttwmastqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesvawsvvsviillcgigivvwmwafgrkqdeheltppaedpisklhltpsqrslgkylftilalfllqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgtylgvaheipaslnfylghqgyefielgrvwqwieyigilfwlvlmvrsiigafknkgdknliaafifsvvmvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvtlglvsyragtiaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstivatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagifgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalnwglalmvlisllpigliqswasvtqglwlarsedfmqqpllqnlrwlrmvgdtimilgalaffwqivkvtftkkq
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S100  coded_by=complement(192838..195129),organism=Staphylococcus aureus S100,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_DR10  coded_by=complement(113893..116184),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus DR10,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21331  coded_by=complement(182692..184983),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21331,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_71193  coded_by=255067..257358,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 71193,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_122  coded_by=183082..185373,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 122,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C2679  coded_by=182557..184848,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C2679,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C2549  coded_by=183163..185454,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C2549,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C3489  coded_by=218104..220395,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C3489,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C5086  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C5086,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C3965  coded_by=157733..160024,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C3965,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_PA57  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus PA57,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_MSSA-93  coded_by=218243..220534,organism=Staphylococcus aureus MSSA-93,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_PA11  coded_by=43195..45486,organism=Staphylococcus aureus PA11,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA09/03745-9HSA  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA09/03745-9HSA,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA09/03734-9HSA  coded_by=182989..185280,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA09/03734-9HSA,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA09/03739-9HSA  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA09/03739-9HSA,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Polymorphum_gilvum_SL003B-26A1  coded_by=610943..612313,organism=Polymorphum gilvum SL003B-26A1,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyetqkialayfvvamalfavqvtmglvlgyiyvqpnflsellpfniarmlhsnslvvwlltgffgaayflvpeeaereihspklaylqlailvlgtagvvvtylfnlfegnfllgkegrefleqpkwvkvgivvaaliflynvtltvlkgkktaisnilllglwglallflfafynpsnlaldkqywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywigtppywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvalnlaiftyampilkgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsggmvfmtftltfagtvqthlqrvmgegfmdvqdqlalfywmrfgsgvavvlgvilfiyavlvprreviepgpaqrvaae
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=217985..219334,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmkyqtqkvallyfygaltlflaqvsfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgcayylvpeeaenelfspllaklqfwlffgaagaavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfvikigivvvcliflfnitmtvlkgrkttitnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftvqmtwkagrkhenraallwsvgcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlammtyaipqlcgrapynqalsiasfwlmctamsvmtfaltfagiiqvhlqrvlgqgymevqdqialfywvrlgsgvavlisalmfvwailvagrtkqatltgalqpae
>Mycobacterium_bohemicum_DSM_44277  coded_by=complement(124323..126557),organism=Mycobacterium bohemicum DSM 44277,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpekvvsesgqllftgdditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmatddvanqlrtqgltdprervvaefranrynaatktlvftdrqaqafdqiqghyaayfgenstkygllpkmitdkaqvhdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkysytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhgaegstlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffavvsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlstffgldlarvlpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqgllayvllgavavvvfgsllcealsiygvippgglfsqqweyldlprlfqillivglfvwiaiiyrgmrarlkveskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllassgthytvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqsgdakpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdiilivggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgstvqempdhplytesetsanvpvkd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_93003  coded_by=complement(46685..48271),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 93003,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvvlfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Legionella_pneumophila_str._Corby  coded_by=2644728..2647070,organism=Legionella pneumophila str. Corby,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mhtianetpvqinhpfdpitnvlkwillvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlapplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqgelakirfnkayselteseqyvinkemqsslqhldliektsiltpalatsirqlqteisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalktanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgavlyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatfefwtgriklenlfwastmnvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfvrnrrfiaghpkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila_2300/99_Alcoy  coded_by=2618487..2620829,organism=Legionella pneumophila 2300/99 Alcoy,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mhtianetpvqinhpfdpitnvlkwillvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlapplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqgelakirfnkayselteseqyvinkemqsslqhldliektsiltpalatsirqlqteisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalktanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgavlyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatfefwtgriklenlfwastmnvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfvrnrrfiaghpkatdpsl
>Acidithiobacillales_bacterium_SG8_45  coded_by=complement(19672..21054),organism=Acidithiobacillales bacterium SG8_45,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqyktqavakpyfiaaiglfvgqilfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeeaetelhspklalalfwiflvagaltivgylavpyatlakltgnellptmgrefleqptvtkvgivivalgflynigltilkgrktvvnmvllsglvglavmflfsfynpsnlvldkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgailafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyywigtpdywqwwgsifsaleplpffimvvyafnmvnrrrrdhpnkaatlwalgtpvmaflgagvwgfmhtlspvnylthgtqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampnlrfgalansersqvvemwsfwlmtvsmvfitffltgagvlqvwlqrmgdspqsfmavqeqiapfywmreiaglvfviglivyvtsffvggkaearas
>Gallibacterium_anatis_UMN179  coded_by=complement(1792045..1794288),organism=Gallibacterium anatis UMN179,definition=Cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mgkykklwimlftililtftllgyigvevyrqappvpsayvtqngevvmtkedilkgqtawqttggmelgsllghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlditskaafgkpyadldqptqaalqvalqdeyrhqsrlkdndtvvlsdvrlqaikqtaeyyaklysddpsmvktresfamkdntlptaearqyladfffwtawaastdrpnaeatytnnwpheplvnnvpttenimwslisivfliagigflvwgysflrnhnekeptppatdpllklnltpsqkalgkyvfltlalfvvqvalggvlahytvegqkfygidisqlfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgfltaglflapvinggkdpkyqafgvnflflallivvagsyagnffalshqipselnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillfvgfvvwlwlmlrctrnafkqggdknllaifissivgvglfyapglfygehssvtvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatcalafifynlglvsyrsatvaslvagslfllggvpgtahhlyfsgtttpalaagavfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhatpwmqrlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpdfqfnekvmrtgfwamnlglvlmiaisllpiglfqvsasiseglwyarsegflqqdflqtlrwlrtigdiilifgavlfayqvtkltfsrrns
>Azoarcus_sp._BH72  coded_by=3396487..3397866,organism=Azoarcus sp. BH72,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqytsqavakpyfvaaiglfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpalpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeesetelwsprlalvlfwvflaagaltilgylfvpyarlaemtgndilatmgrefleqplitkigivvvalaflfnitmtmlrgrktaismvlllglwglaifflfsfvnphnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgallafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitltlvtgiigtghhyywigapeywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnraatlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvlciisyampilrgraansnkaqvmemwafwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtplsfmatqdqislfywmreasgvifliglliylasffvkgdkkavaa
>Flavihumibacter_solisilvae  coded_by=complement(30353..31720),organism=Flavihumibacter solisilvae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyksqrvaywffalsmlllslqiiygfimgfahmgydglhsiipfntaravhtnllvvwllsgfmgaayyiipeesenelvsvklayiqlislaavgvtaivgyhfnywegrkfleiprpldwlvvlnvltflgiilatlykgkkrtttalvltmglvfaallylpgmiwfdnqtmdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikitgvdreviekwlyvivgltfisgilgtghhyyyigvgkiwlivggifsaleplaflamalfavamyrkgekkhpnkmalnwtlgtsivsfvgagllglahtlpqvnmythgtlvtamhghlafwgaygmivfsiisytmpnltgrkffdsttgqlafwlsnigmlgmttafgvagvaqvylerkvgiefgevqteiqvhflilvlcatmftsgialfiyefikygrpteealapspmkanvispvi
>Galbibacter_marinus  coded_by=133708..135951,organism=Galbibacter marinus,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mnkerklwilfsavmvlsfavlgyygfeiyqqmppvpksvqtedgtviftekeildgqnvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreallildqyankqyninyqqaspaqqaalevdlqeyirkntydpiseviyiskeraiaieeltqyysslftddpdfeklrhdyaipknslkdpeklkqlnafffwatwatvtqrpdsqvsythnwpaddlvgnkattellawsgvsiillilcigimvfyhvrsggedevlapakdpllkqgitpsmrltknyfwvvcllmvlqmvlgiitahygvegdglygipldqflpysvsrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavsgkdpkyqslgvnllfislliivvgsmigqwmgimqkldlidnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqlflfvglfiwlalmvrplidiirqktaeknliilflvsccaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlnvliativfmsggilgtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayhnykvtkstqwiqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyiqglnttalhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrslyrnvkwndrliaitfwtlnigllamallsllpigiwqavesiehgmwyarsselmqhptmitlkwlrtigdvvfavgilsccyfvfdltiknkinsk
>Rhodanobacter_sp._2APBS1  coded_by=complement(111245..113527),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 2APBS1,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
msttrklwlglaallvasfavllwvgsvvhqqapplpaavvtsdgqtlytkadmeqgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhreatamlellsrdaglgpydsldapqqaalkarvqeelrtntydaasntitvsalrahameavaahymslfgndpathklrvgyamrentvaemehrravtaffwwtswaaatqrpneamsytqnwpyeplvgnvptstsflwsvfsilfmifgigllgwhharqasheplppipsrdpltemkatpsmkatgkyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqqaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrlgvnflwvclllivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglqynfwfghqgweytdlgrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgralwpamrggregasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvklgllrvgsattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligleahdtwkkqhaapwmaryrwpilffvavsfwnlvgagllgflvntpialyymqglnltashghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpqaqwregwlrgafwclniglslmaaltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgalliavfvaalwlwpkrrtasaplpqgvpera
>Rhodanobacter_denitrificans  coded_by=3008154..3010436,organism=Rhodanobacter denitrificans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msttrklwlglaallvasfavllwvgsvvhqqapplpaavvtsdgqtlytkadmeqgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhreatamlellsrdaglgpydsldapqqaalkarvqeelrtntydaasntitvsalrahameavaahymslfgndpathklrvgyamrentvaemehrravtaffwwtswaaatqrpneamsytqnwpyeplvgnvptstsflwsvfsilfmifgigllgwhharqasheplppipsrdpltemkatpsmkatgkyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqqaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrlgvnflwvclllivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglqynfwfghqgweytdlgrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgralwpamrggregasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvklgllrvgsattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligleahdtwkkqhaapwmaryrwpilffvavsfwnlvgagllgflvntpialyymqglnltashghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpqaqwregwlrgafwclniglslmaaltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgalliavfvaalwlwpkrrtasaplpqgvpera
>Arsukibacterium_sp._MJ3  coded_by=complement(20775..23042),organism=Arsukibacterium sp. MJ3,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
magyrklwwlligtfaitfavlgyfgaevyrsappipakvvnqqgqvlmtnetilngqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhreliawlelaaqdefginftelnpaqqhalkfdlkqayrtnsydkatdtlllsdrrvlaitqtaehyialfgddlalaqtranyamknntlpalsrrqemtqfffwtawaastertpgsatytnnwpheplidnrptaenliwslvsiilliagigglvwgwaflrkhddeepvppqldpiarltltpsqkslgkyilmvvtlftlqvflggftahytvegdgfyglnttewlpyslsrtwhlqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvagsfagnyfaimqimpheysfwfghqgyeyidigrfwqiikyigilfwlglmlraivpafkapgdknllalfaasvicvglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvsrtmatsaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeafeqwrmkdrapwmadlkwplmffvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfcllilryirpqlvfdeklmktafwwmntglvlmlftsllpigfiqfyasatqglwyarseafmqsdilqtlrwvrtigdvifiigalavsaqvvkgvfnrnaaqepvhlss
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1079  coded_by=complement(2408048..2410366),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1079,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqdnrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisqalthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaapttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvvavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqiglfiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=complement(37004..38332),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=cytochrome C and quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mktfsgkqiarryvlygvflfaiqgivallgatslifpdlpspvsyaygravhlalatfwpvigmmgmvyyytveqlkadiyspklarwqflillmasagllgtlalgigngreyldglpvfylgislglllgaynlirtlwqnkqkitpaagimavgavflcvliipnvlrftnpvadeavkfwvvhlweemafelttsgfiasffvtagiaekrdiekwlyleatlsvigglfgtghhyfwigfppvwlflgtffsliqvlpvfllaylvykgfkkhkpfslreklavglilssifhhltgatllgilitipwinvyahgtyitsghahlalfgtigflvlagaytilsekepldkkaygyglsgvillnlgligmssslilagflqtylwrvmgidfmavnsvinpylilrvlwgslftlgaailcsliirtwwktrra
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(1379528..1380856),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=hypothetical protein
mktfsgkqiarryvlygvflfaiqgivallgatslifpdlpspvsyaygravhlalatfwpvigmmgmvyyytveqlkadiyspklarwqflillmasagllgtlalgigngreyldglpvfylgislglllgaynlirtlwqnkqkitpaagimavgavflcvliipnvlrftnpvadeavkfwvvhlweemafelttsgfiasffvtagiaekrdiekwlyleatlsvigglfgtghhyfwigfppvwlflgtffsliqvlpvfllaylvykgfkkhkpfslreklavglilssifhhltgatllgilitipwinvyahgtyitsghahlalfgtigflvlagaytilsekepldkkaygyglsgvillnlgligmssslilagflqtylwrvmgidfmavnsvinpylilrvlwgslftlgaailcsliirtwwktrra
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=complement(2432066..2433394),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mktfsgkqiarryvlygvflfaiqgivallgatslifpdlpspvsyaygravhlalatfwpvigmmgmvyyytveqlkadiyspklarwqflillmasagllgtlalgigngreyldglpvfylgislglllgaynlirtlwqnkqkitpaagimavgavflcvliipnvlrftnpvadeavkfwvvhlweemafelttsgfiasffvtagiaekrdiekwlyleatlsvigglfgtghhyfwigfppvwlflgtffsliqvlpvfllaylvykgfkkhkpfslreklavglilssifhhltgatllgilitipwinvyahgtyitsghahlalfgtigflvlagaytilsekepldkkaygyglsgvillnlgligmssslilagflqtylwrvmgidfmavnsvinpylilrvlwgslftlgaailcsliirtwwktrra
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=complement(1290834..1292162),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mktfsgkqiarryvlygvflfaiqgivallgatslifpdlpspvsyaygravhlalatfwpvigmmgmvyyytveqlkadiyspklarwqflillmasagllgtlalgigngreyldglpvfylgislglllgaynlirtlwqnkqkitpaagimavgavflcvliipnvlrftnpvadeavkfwvvhlweemafelttsgfiasffvtagiaekrdiekwlyleatlsvigglfgtghhyfwigfppvwlflgtffsliqvlpvfllaylvykgfkkhkpfslreklavglilssifhhltgatllgilitipwinvyahgtyitsghahlalfgtigflvlagaytilsekepldkkaygyglsgvillnlgligmssslilagflqtylwrvmgidfmavnsvinpylilrvlwgslftlgaailcsliirtwwktrra
>Aggregatibacter_aphrophilus_ATCC_33389  coded_by=complement(39816..42065),organism=Aggregatibacter aphrophilus ATCC 33389,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwfllvavligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvteqgepvithdnilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtilknrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaamdktaqyyislygddpaskatrehfamkdntlpslearqdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenvmwsiasivfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpispevdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgavvahytvegqefygldisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllngglilmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalafllqiftmvffkpkhtan
>Acidovorax_sp._Root402  coded_by=372258..374543,organism=Acidovorax sp. Root402,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtapaipakiataggevlfthdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwlevaserthgkpfadidtaaqavlrdrmkteyrtntyspetgvatvssvradaiamtalyydqlfsdvpalhktrehfamkentlpsaerraqmtgfffwtawaaaterpgttatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwsflrkhdeveptppqhdplsrvpltpsqrglgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqqfyginvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpayqklgadilfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgiafwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrtpwmarlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfserlmttgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpiglfqfhasvseglwyargeafmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalamawqvvsgvfgsrapvanagaylaetrr
>Parcubacteria_(OD1-vii)_bacterium_GW2011_GWA2_38_13b  coded_by=35129..36466,organism=Parcubacteria (OD1-vii) bacterium GW2011_GWA2_38_13b,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mdskkviyfyfiialvlfslqlpfgiylassyalsypqwvvdlipfstaravhtnllvlwmllgfmgggyfiamaegglnkifspflallqliilfiagvtgiigfffgwtqgrpllelpfqmdllvilgavifllnitatmyrgwvqnrkfsaisfilllgviftallyipgiffyknitmdwtawwvvihlwvegsweliasavlafllavltgvdrkainkwlyieaglvlftgivgighhfywtghpdywlwigasfsvleplplllmywdakrhlehkpeflsslvgtlmfwsvvlhfigagvwggfmtlpfvnywthgtqltvshghlafygafalllfavfyvlmsqfkgiknlfekrgvisfkimtgsmiamtlfflmagtiqvcleriagwsyveaqewmrwwmgfaaiagagfaagaaimvydlfflkekslnsk
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L348  coded_by=5428..7662,organism=Arcobacter butzleri L348,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkkqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgvgglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhirsegknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnetmskwafwlitigvivyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelledmsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Legionella_pneumophila_130b  coded_by=2590431..2592773,organism=Legionella pneumophila 130b,definition=hypothetical protein
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnvlkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpmtqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdflfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynvglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpklarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Rufibacter_sp._DG31D  coded_by=2826781..2829075,organism=Rufibacter sp. DG31D,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkykklwlgfiavmvgsfavlgyygseiyrkappipdkvvtasgktiftaqdikdgqnvwqsiggqelgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhkeamffldrwaqeakgtkfdaldvetkamlqarlqqqirantydpatgtlaisdlraeaiagvsehytglfmndpalakyrdayamkdntvqdpvrmrkmnafffwaswacvtqrpglditytnnwpaeelvgnrpssdliiwtgfsvivliagigllafyyasnkeeeidieklpkedpllglqatpsmkatlkyfwivtalfvvqitlgvvtahygvegqalygfdlanflpysitrtwhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkfqrlgvnflficfliivvgslagqwygvmqklgyaqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflliglflwlflmvlailpafrreaegrhllgmfmissaaialfwaaglmwgqhtnlavaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrmgllevklatatvlfstiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtptsvmalgatfsalevvplvligfeayhnfkiskitqwivaykwpiycfiavafwnlvgagvfgflinppialyymqglnttpvhghtalfgvygvlgiglmlfvlkglsgrrrwkdgvisfafwsiniglalmvlisvlpiglmqtwasvkyglwyarsmefmqtdtmetlrwmrvigdtifavgvgalawfvvglktgwsleededvaqsverkrekmvr
>Brucella_abortus_LMN1  coded_by=complement(851150..852499),organism=Brucella abortus LMN1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_2308  coded_by=complement(261800..263149),organism=Brucella abortus 2308,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(282717..284066),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_82  coded_by=72956..74305,organism=Brucella abortus 82,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_S99  coded_by=complement(61999..63348),organism=Brucella abortus S99,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_LMN2  coded_by=complement(180773..182122),organism=Brucella abortus LMN2,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_68-3396P  coded_by=complement(895105..896454),organism=Brucella abortus 68-3396P,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_76-1413  coded_by=complement(895539..896888),organism=Brucella abortus 76-1413,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_82-3893  coded_by=complement(865537..866886),organism=Brucella abortus 82-3893,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_87-2211  coded_by=complement(779904..781253),organism=Brucella abortus 87-2211,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_80-1399  coded_by=complement(237123..238472),organism=Brucella abortus 80-1399,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_87-0095  coded_by=complement(938699..940048),organism=Brucella abortus 87-0095,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_82-2330  coded_by=complement(539722..541071),organism=Brucella abortus 82-2330,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_85-1058  coded_by=complement(895532..896881),organism=Brucella abortus 85-1058,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_84-0928  coded_by=complement(895508..896857),organism=Brucella abortus 84-0928,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90-0775  coded_by=complement(938383..939732),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0775,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90-0737  coded_by=complement(938421..939770),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0737,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_89-0363  coded_by=complement(237531..238880),organism=Brucella abortus 89-0363,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90-0742  coded_by=complement(449552..450901),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0742,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90-0962  coded_by=complement(781504..782853),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0962,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90-1280  coded_by=complement(895389..896738),organism=Brucella abortus 90-1280,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_94-1313  coded_by=complement(938591..939940),organism=Brucella abortus 94-1313,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_01-0648  coded_by=complement(782100..783449),organism=Brucella abortus 01-0648,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_01-0585  coded_by=complement(895523..896872),organism=Brucella abortus 01-0585,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0018  coded_by=complement(895605..896954),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0018,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_01-0065  coded_by=complement(938950..940299),organism=Brucella abortus 01-0065,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0091  coded_by=complement(539729..541078),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0091,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0973  coded_by=complement(922621..923970),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0973,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI016  coded_by=complement(778304..779653),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI016,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI021  coded_by=complement(256369..257718),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI021,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI259  coded_by=complement(778337..779686),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI259,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI010  coded_by=complement(778214..779563),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI010,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI474  coded_by=complement(778301..779650),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI474,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI435a  coded_by=125264..126613,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI435a,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI486  coded_by=70775..72124,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI486,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI488  coded_by=71898..73247,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI488,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_93/2  coded_by=complement(553749..555098),organism=Brucella abortus 93/2,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_I103_(UK3/01)  coded_by=complement(846394..847743),organism=Brucella abortus I103_(UK3/01),definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_str._2308_A  coded_by=complement(938672..940021),organism=Brucella abortus str. 2308 A,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI649  coded_by=complement(778317..779666),organism=Brucella abortus NI649,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI639  coded_by=complement(193691..195040),organism=Brucella abortus NI639,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI622  coded_by=complement(895515..896864),organism=Brucella abortus NI622,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI645  coded_by=complement(554244..555593),organism=Brucella abortus NI645,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI628  coded_by=complement(77984..79333),organism=Brucella abortus NI628,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI593  coded_by=complement(846511..847860),organism=Brucella abortus NI593,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI613  coded_by=complement(256597..257946),organism=Brucella abortus NI613,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI518  coded_by=complement(895530..896879),organism=Brucella abortus NI518,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI633  coded_by=complement(168413..169762),organism=Brucella abortus NI633,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI492  coded_by=complement(895538..896887),organism=Brucella abortus NI492,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI388  coded_by=complement(896216..897565),organism=Brucella abortus NI388,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_LEVI237  coded_by=complement(1064882..1066231),organism=Brucella abortus LEVI237,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI274  coded_by=complement(1008944..1010293),organism=Brucella abortus NI274,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI380  coded_by=complement(895522..896871),organism=Brucella abortus NI380,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI240  coded_by=complement(895538..896887),organism=Brucella abortus NI240,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_F3/07-1  coded_by=complement(895432..896781),organism=Brucella abortus F3/07-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_levi_gila  coded_by=complement(933907..935256),organism=Brucella abortus levi gila,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_F1/06_B1  coded_by=complement(895492..896841),organism=Brucella abortus F1/06 B1,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_F3/01-300  coded_by=complement(895416..896765),organism=Brucella abortus F3/01-300,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_752  coded_by=complement(895054..896403),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 752,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_759  coded_by=complement(778441..779790),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 759,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_966  coded_by=complement(895546..896895),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 966,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_436  coded_by=complement(260229..261578),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 436,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_1011  coded_by=complement(895469..896818),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 1011,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_93/1  coded_by=complement(895555..896904),organism=Brucella abortus 93/1,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_88/226  coded_by=complement(1008518..1009867),organism=Brucella abortus 88/226,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_308  coded_by=complement(895512..896861),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 308,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_1432  coded_by=complement(894438..895787),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 1432,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_88/19  coded_by=complement(77973..79322),organism=Brucella abortus 88/19,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_F2/06-8  coded_by=complement(256358..257707),organism=Brucella abortus F2/06-8,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._2_str._86/8/59  coded_by=complement(841586..842935),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 2 str. 86/8/59,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_863/67  coded_by=complement(236704..238053),organism=Brucella abortus 863/67,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90/50  coded_by=complement(193656..195005),organism=Brucella abortus 90/50,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_85/140  coded_by=complement(255579..256928),organism=Brucella abortus 85/140,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_80/108  coded_by=complement(905097..906446),organism=Brucella abortus 80/108,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_67/781  coded_by=complement(260160..261509),organism=Brucella abortus 67/781,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_80/102  coded_by=complement(554005..555354),organism=Brucella abortus 80/102,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_64/122  coded_by=complement(553706..555055),organism=Brucella abortus 64/122,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_63/59  coded_by=complement(245740..247089),organism=Brucella abortus 63/59,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_R42-08  coded_by=complement(825316..826665),organism=Brucella abortus R42-08,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI495a  coded_by=complement(895546..896895),organism=Brucella abortus NI495a,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI422  coded_by=complement(895587..896936),organism=Brucella abortus NI422,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_F10/05-11  coded_by=complement(779317..780666),organism=Brucella abortus F10/05-11,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_NI352  coded_by=complement(846395..847744),organism=Brucella abortus NI352,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_F10/06-3  coded_by=complement(810729..812078),organism=Brucella abortus F10/06-3,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_877/67  coded_by=complement(553703..555052),organism=Brucella abortus 877/67,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_88/217  coded_by=complement(255428..256777),organism=Brucella abortus 88/217,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_84/26  coded_by=complement(778815..780164),organism=Brucella abortus 84/26,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_F5/04-7  coded_by=complement(255521..256870),organism=Brucella abortus F5/04-7,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_64/81  coded_by=complement(778321..779670),organism=Brucella abortus 64/81,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_67/93  coded_by=complement(824303..825652),organism=Brucella abortus 67/93,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_64/108  coded_by=complement(895483..896832),organism=Brucella abortus 64/108,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_63/168  coded_by=complement(846982..848331),organism=Brucella abortus 63/168,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_85/69  coded_by=complement(3056..4405),organism=Brucella abortus 85/69,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_65/157  coded_by=complement(552984..554333),organism=Brucella abortus 65/157,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_63/294  coded_by=complement(255390..256739),organism=Brucella abortus 63/294,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_63/144  coded_by=complement(824873..826222),organism=Brucella abortus 63/144,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_63/138  coded_by=complement(824830..826179),organism=Brucella abortus 63/138,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_600/64  coded_by=complement(779225..780574),organism=Brucella abortus 600/64,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_544  coded_by=complement(554210..555559),organism=Brucella abortus 544,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_63/130  coded_by=complement(691487..692836),organism=Brucella abortus 63/130,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_355/78  coded_by=complement(824850..826199),organism=Brucella abortus 355/78,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_225/65  coded_by=complement(778084..779433),organism=Brucella abortus 225/65,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_RB51-AHVLA  coded_by=complement(895540..896889),organism=Brucella abortus RB51-AHVLA,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_A13334  coded_by=complement(1089012..1090361),organism=Brucella abortus A13334,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._9-941  coded_by=complement(938716..940065),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. 9-941,definition=NorB, nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_65/63  coded_by=complement(236667..238016),organism=Brucella abortus 65/63,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_89-2646-1238  coded_by=complement(237088..238437),organism=Brucella abortus 89-2646-1238,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_99-9971-135  coded_by=144782..146131,organism=Brucella abortus 99-9971-135,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_BC95  coded_by=complement(37546..38895),organism=Brucella abortus BC95,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_03-2770-11  coded_by=complement(895547..896896),organism=Brucella abortus 03-2770-11,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90-12178  coded_by=232253..233602,organism=Brucella abortus 90-12178,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_90-12178  coded_by=232253..233602,organism=Brucella abortus 90-12178,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_99-9971-159  coded_by=complement(554093..555442),organism=Brucella abortus 99-9971-159,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_03-4923-239-D  coded_by=71076..72425,organism=Brucella abortus 03-4923-239-D,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_01-4165  coded_by=complement(259593..260942),organism=Brucella abortus 01-4165,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_07-0994-2411  coded_by=complement(255290..256639),organism=Brucella abortus 07-0994-2411,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_S19  coded_by=complement(937971..939320),organism=Brucella abortus S19,definition=Cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(551909..553258),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=336505..337854,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(255880..257229),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(236690..238039),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(553600..554949),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=232399..233748,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=329320..330669,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=330479..331828,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(236690..238039),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=70897..72246,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(236690..238039),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_104M  coded_by=complement(1089335..1090684),organism=Brucella abortus 104M,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(553678..555027),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(552269..553618),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(193682..195031),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_2308  coded_by=complement(933473..934822),organism=Brucella abortus 2308,definition=Cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=75665..77014,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._6_str._870  coded_by=complement(132283..133632),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 6 str. 870,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=1060987..1062336,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._9_str._C68  coded_by=complement(873131..874480),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 9 str. C68,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=831767..833116,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=263025..264374,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_bv._4_str._292  coded_by=70749..72098,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 4 str. 292,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(903375..904724),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_abortus_544  coded_by=complement(144652..146001),organism=Brucella abortus 544,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrehpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipeirgrtpynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL110PA1  coded_by=complement(42036..44369),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL110PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakspvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL053PA2  coded_by=12644..14977,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL053PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakspvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL086PA1  coded_by=12634..14967,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL086PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakspvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL092PA1  coded_by=12641..14974,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL092PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakspvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Geobacillus_sp._A8  coded_by=161066..163429,organism=Geobacillus sp. A8,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlvivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmiaitllpvgilqikeafvngywasrspsflqqdivqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelsvanlaeee
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(15388..17673),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpykklwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipqevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggklvlsprraqavaqtgayydqlfsdapalhasrehyamkentlpdarrrqqlthfffwtawaaateragasvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagigllvwawaflrgkeepepeapaqdplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhlqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Sphingobium_sp._C100  coded_by=complement(38475..40751),organism=Sphingobium sp. C100,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtiekkdravgnykvlwlaliavltvtfgilsvsgveiyrkappipeqivtatgqvlmtredildgqsawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhrelvawldlaaretegksfealdgeqkaaltyrlkqeyrhnsydrasgvvtvsnrraqafaqtasyyerlygsdptlrptrdnyamkegtlpdpaqrakltnfffwtawaasterpgtvatytnnwppeplignyptpenilwslacvviliagvgaliwgwaflrrhddtplvaaandplqvagltpsqkalgkylfvvlalfifqvfigaftahytiegqsfygldvsqyfpyaltrtwhvqsavlwiataflaaglflapvihgsdpkyqklgvnilfwalivvvagsfignylalshalpaklsfwlghqgyeyldlgrvwqiglfvglllwlvlmlrgmvpalrtkgddksllalltiatiaiglfygtglfygertnitimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfatsaiafifatmglvsrriataaslasaslfmvggvpgtfhhmyfsgtttpimavgaafsalevvplivlgyeafehwslrertpwmravkwplmcfiavafwnmlgagvfgfmintpvalfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpdirfndrllatgfwglnaglvlmiftsllpvglfqfqasvttgmwyarsdfflqqgfletlrwvrtfgdvvfmvgaiaiawqvvilglwrkgarv
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_A79A  coded_by=complement(2015262..2017550),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei A79A,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqht
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_B03  coded_by=complement(2071423..2073711),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei B03,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqht
>Bdellovibrio_bacteriovorus_HD100  coded_by=complement(85250..86575),organism=Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus HD100,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkiaywffatcmllfslqlvygfimgfahmgfdglhniipfnaarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeadrelihpklayvqlgalvavgvvaiigfhmnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvadvllfiyliggtiwkgkrytttsmvlflgllmaallylpgmintdhqtldsywrwwvvhlwvegvwelimgaimsfllikmtgvdreviekwlyiivgftflsgilgtghhyyyigtprywllvgglfgaleplaflgfaiyavamarkggknpdnkmamawtmatailsfvgagflgfahtlpqvnlythgtlvtamhghlafwgayaclvlaliayampkltgrnlqdsrmnvfafwtsnigmiamtlafgvagiaqvylerklgmdfltvqkevevhflglvlaaslfsvgivayvwnfirfgkpagevk
>Catenovulum_agarivorans_DS-2  coded_by=complement(6921..9269),organism=Catenovulum agarivorans DS-2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnykkiwlmllsilaitfsmlgyfgsevyrvappipakvvgpnnqqlmskdsilagqsawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldiaaqdnyghpydhltptqqnqlkfelktayrnnsydkstdtlvlddrriqaiqqvaayynalfgddknlqptrkayamkedtlpsaerrerlsefffwtawaaatertpagatytnnwpheplidnkptaenviwsivsvvlliagvggviwtwafmrkedkeviapkqdpittfkltpsqkalgkylfvvvalfmfqvliggftahytvegqgfygietsqwfpyslvrtwhiqaavfwiatgflaaglflapvinggedpkyqklgvdvlfwalivvvvgsfagnylaiahilpedlsfmlghqgyefvdlgrlwqiglyigilvwltlmlrailpafkqpgdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygekthisvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfataamafifctmglvsrkmatmaalgsaclfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawehyslqhkavwmqrikwplmflvavafwnmlgagvlgfsinppislyyvqglnttathahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirptmqfdeklmrnsfvllnaglvlmlftsllpvgliqfyasaseglwyarseafmqsdilqtlrwvrtvgdvvfivgavgvfwqvvkgligkntpqfigtvaadqqteltqapvakatqsccggcsgeevk
>Cellvibrio_sp._BR  coded_by=complement(99339..101669),organism=Cellvibrio sp. BR,definition=nitric oxide reductase qNor type
mgeyrklwfiligvlaitfsllgyfgtevyrnappipaqvvseagevlmthdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwlelaaqdtfgkayadldgaqqnalqydlkvayrtntysadtdsvlvsarraqaialtadyyqrlfsaapelkktrenyamkentlpdperrermaefffwtawaastertpgeatytnnwpheplidnkptaenivwsiasvvllvlgvgalvwawaflrkeneeetvapdvdpittfavtpsqralgkylfvvvalftfqvflggftahytvegqtfyginvsdwfpyslvrtwhiqsamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwaliavvvgsfignflaiahiiptnlsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrvwqigkfigillwlflmmrgitsalrqpgdknllalltasvvaiglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafifcsmglvsrpmataatlasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknralwmqqikwpltffvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppialyyvqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfsllilryirpqlvfsdklmkvafwwmniglalmlftsllpvgiiqfvasaseglwyarsesfmqsdllvtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalavtwqivkglyerntptgvnvinpltdatpeekvccgscggsshp
>Burkholderia_thailandensis  coded_by=3501327..3503615,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgvdpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahytveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Thermus_thermophilus_JL-18  coded_by=230094..231524,organism=Thermus thermophilus JL-18,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtqalpqgklyesqklalwyfwvalalfgaqvlfgllaawqyldpgflygklnfmtnrmlhvnamivwlllgfmggvywflpmelgrevvgirlakaafftlvgavavvvlvyllvqygpgnaftlwfitegreyieaprwadigivavmaiflynvvatalkaqritgvvavlmfdlvalaglytagmhytpnismdqyfwwwvvhlwveatwevltgaimamalmhllgtprrivetwlylevalvfgtgilglghhyfwigtpeywlglggffsalepiplvamvvhavydagvhrmqtvnqpalfwaiaqafgnfigagvwgfmqtlpqinlyshgtqlapahghlaffgayvtailtviymalhqvrrpdlprfdsrlwkwafvlmvvgifgmsaamtvagftqtmveraiggstwqayieaqmhpwfqngmvwrfvfgvfffvsylvllwdlatigrgraaeakgvgahd
>Geobacillus_sp._BCO2  coded_by=2403..4190,organism=Geobacillus sp. BCO2,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mpkadrawvaegdqirqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltvsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqtmfgallahyytepnsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggstigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqivlvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqerdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlmtktstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvsfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgilqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_SEMIA_5079  coded_by=complement(3773718..3775064),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum SEMIA 5079,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttitnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqikgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlaffywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekratipgalqpae
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._paratuberculosis_K-10  coded_by=3530957..3532612,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis K-10,definition=hypothetical protein
mivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM607  coded_by=complement(11015..13270),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM607,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM606  coded_by=complement(11566..13821),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM606,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2003022  coded_by=complement(11589..13844),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2003022,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_98005  coded_by=complement(11580..13835),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 98005,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM604  coded_by=complement(11572..13827),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM604,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2000063  coded_by=complement(11574..13829),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2000063,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97008  coded_by=complement(11599..13854),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97008,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2002007  coded_by=19916..22171,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2002007,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97027  coded_by=complement(12313..14568),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97027,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_65012  coded_by=complement(115..2370),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 65012,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2004085  coded_by=20004..22259,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2004085,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_96024  coded_by=20042..22297,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 96024,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97018  coded_by=complement(11576..13831),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97018,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_94018  coded_by=complement(11576..13831),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 94018,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_75689  coded_by=complement(11565..13820),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 75689,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2000080  coded_by=complement(11613..13868),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2000080,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_75643  coded_by=complement(11578..13833),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 75643,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2007056  coded_by=complement(170315..172570),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2007056,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63006  coded_by=complement(124404..126659),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63006,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2001212  coded_by=complement(168671..170926),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2001212,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3642  coded_by=complement(244012..246267),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3642,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3652  coded_by=complement(168109..170364),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3652,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2004090  coded_by=complement(79290..81545),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2004090,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97020  coded_by=complement(246514..248769),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97020,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_65014  coded_by=37703..39958,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 65014,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_96023  coded_by=complement(118981..121236),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 96023,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63049  coded_by=complement(194750..197005),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63049,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63041  coded_by=complement(123330..125585),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63041,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_88050  coded_by=complement(275554..277809),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 88050,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(3657..5912),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=12714..14969,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10949..13204),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10994..13249),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(52470..54725),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(3657..5912),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(19864..22119),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(50788..53043),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=9638..11893,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(94111..96366),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10949..13204),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2524..4779,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10949..13204),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2485..4740,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10950..13205),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(12046..14301),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2479..4734,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(10988..13243),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(3661..5916),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_WUE_2594  coded_by=complement(1575208..1577463),organism=Neisseria meningitidis WUE 2594,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Phaeobacter_gallaeciensis_DSM_26640  coded_by=complement(151605..152963),organism=Phaeobacter gallaeciensis DSM 26640,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyqsqkvaqayficamalfaiqvlggllagwvyvspnflsellpfniirmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayflipeesereiysvklaylqlailmvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaliflfnvsmtvlagkktaitnvllmglwllsllwifafinpenlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlsfygayvalnlaiftyampmlrgrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvigdyymdvqdslsifylmrfgagaavvigallfiyallvvrrdeviapgpsqnastvage
>Sulfurimonas_autotrophica_DSM_16294  coded_by=complement(819135..820583),organism=Sulfurimonas autotrophica DSM 16294,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
maskyltgagseskqlatwyftfaaiifgaqllfglvaaiqyvmpgflygvldfsiariihinalvvwmvfamfgsvywllpdetgietvgikigkllfwifaaaivvvvlvylfiqvgpadattiwfitegreyieaprwadwgivvvalgfvgnlfltgmkgkqtgivtvlmadmiafaglylagmfftdnisvdqywwwwvihlwveatwevfvgaiaayalitmigahrkvvemwlwievamlfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywweigalfsaleplplvamfihvlydwgketgiqiaegseghsitghtvnnkpaftwvvlnafgnflgagiwgffhtlpqvnlythgtqftsahghlaffgayatiligmmyiavqgtngikvlkntkasiwavsmitsgvvgmgialtiagyvqvlvsraqmgatwaayfdgqsgmwfsqamdwrlimgtvtflgfiflakdllttgknpvher
>Aquamicrobium_defluvii  coded_by=complement(1178..2863),organism=Aquamicrobium defluvii,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mfrieyqtqrlslrffmvmlvlfffqtalglllsaqhidptllagtlnfnvirtqhlnlaifwvlcgfigtilfvgpllskrelaspwlikflfyallavvawnlatqllaqqgiagwwmgqpmfqegleyleagriadvviligfailcyvvlrtfppvsqwneihwglglgvlaltlvwvfgmffverldvqeyfrwyvvhywvegvwevihislvgfllvllfkadvksvgyavfwgislvwlsglignahhyfwigtpefwqfwgslfsaleplplifcfwhiyldahqdgkpipnmpafafllgsvvleqvgagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtaahahlalfgtfgmlglaaayyavpvmrgaanfdqrlgklafwlvftgilglgfafaiggtvqvyvyrtlgldwfggdvapamliakamvplfgiiftagvallaydlltlglrentaasaespypaaagwgrplsgwetgiwllamwvfggvitlgllsfnldtvqqgsalvpyimggtgypglllatlffvwrflhsleargharltplagvpapagta
>Pseudomonas_bauzanensis  coded_by=134104..135789,organism=Pseudomonas bauzanensis,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mfrieyqtqrlslrffmvmlvlfffqtalglllsaqhidptllagtlnfnvirtqhlnlaifwvlcgfigtilfvgpllskrelaspwlikflfyallavvawnlatqllaqqgiagwwmgqpmfqegleyleagriadvviligfailcyvvlrtfppvsqwneihwglglgvlaltlvwvfgmffverldvqeyfrwyvvhywvegvwevihislvgfllvllfkadvksvgyavfwgislvwlsglignahhyfwigtpefwqfwgslfsaleplplifcfwhiyldahqdgkpipnmpafafllgsvvleqvgagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtaahahlalfgtfgmlglaaayyavpvmrgaanfdqrlgklafwlvftgilglgfafaiggtvqvyvyrtlgldwfggdvapamliakamvplfgiiftagvallaydlltlglrentaasaespypaaagwgrplsgwetgiwllamwvfggvitlgllsfnldtvqqgsalvpyimggtgypglllatlffvwrflhsleargharltplagvpapagta
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR338  coded_by=9224..11545,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR338,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlkltplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR346  coded_by=1319463..1321784,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR346,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlkltplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(521048..523369),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlkltplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Clostridiales_bacterium_PH28_bin88  coded_by=17134..19434,organism=Clostridiales bacterium PH28_bin88,definition=hypothetical protein
mngsvskrlkimfmvclfgaslvaaisgiitmeevppypdkvvsasgkvittgseimkgqstfqqyglmdlgsvwghgtyrgadftaetlhlvgiymreyyakqkyqqgyanlgqaekaavdalalsdlkenrydrakgtltlseaqvlaldqvrsyygelfakgdpqkvisegtikdagqrtaladfffwtawaagtlrpdadhtytnnwppdesvgnqlstqavtwtvvsiimfmaflglvawlfhwrgfnkgeapqfdlaktlagspvsasqvktakyfliavtlfllqtlmggylahqttnpgtfygldaiaklvpynwakswhlqlavfwvatawigsalyfapilggrepkkqgflvdllfvavvlvavgslvgevlglkgllggrlwfwlghqgweylelgrlwqillfvgllvwllivaravkdrlsagadkwdlpnfyvysaigiviffafgffysdrtnltiadfwrwwvvhtwveglfeffaaaamalvmvrtglaskehalraayltaslalatgiigvghhyywfgqpsfwlglgsvlaamepvplvlllgeawqrlrtlqkagdsfpytwplrfftasavwnfvgagifgfaitlpmvnyyehstyltvthghtaffgtygmlaiglmlfayrgiiqeqawlrkssllktsfwganvgltlmflvtllpvgvlqliasytrglwyarspefynqaivrwfgeirivpdsmiillgvipllffilstigrlkpvqvpedgmmtvaldkkgkai
>Ralstonia_sp._GA3-3  coded_by=complement(7795..10083),organism=Ralstonia sp. GA3-3,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappmpakvvttegrtlftgeeildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawlelaaqdangrpyaqldapaqaalreqlrteyrgnatdpatnvltvskrraqaiadtaayydqlfsdapalhttrehyamkentlpsaerreqlthfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgkedappqapardpllavaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvflggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvevlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklpahlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgilpalrargtdrnllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwslkrrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlsptlmktafwglnlglvlmigtsllpigiiqflasvehgtwyarseafmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfawqvvlglanrtplaadavparmktavr
>Massilia_sp._Root133  coded_by=119350..121665,organism=Massilia sp. Root133,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatrrlwtwlaiicvlsfgtllfvgreiylkappiprqvldqqghviwtgdqitrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavalqdelakrghgkpyaqldaaarggidalvkdalrrntydaatgtltlsaertaaiaavashyaglfgtdtkldklreqyamsagslpaaddrtaltgfffwsswaaatdrpgetalsytsnwpheplvgntptagagiwsvasiivmigaiagmvffhsaqpeeadpkppkddplfklkatpsmkatrkyfavvvalilaqvgmgvitahysveghsffgfplgdilpftisrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkfqalgvnvlfyallfivagstacgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqyllfvgllfwafllgrglwpalrrpsesrgliamvflaavciggfyatsltwgqhthyamveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraasanaaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptaviaigamfsalevvplsmigieayrnyqrmkaapwvasyrwailcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgvglmlfclrgltdrlawsdallkpmfwllniglammvfmalvpagiyqawasiskgmwfarspevihspfmenmvwlrvpgdivfalgtlflalfvlrvmrrparpatvpvevpieiagrpaakarvstka
>Massilia_sp._Root1485  coded_by=73085..75400,organism=Massilia sp. Root1485,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatrrlwtwlaiicvlsfgtllfvgreiylkappiprqvldqqghviwtgdqitrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavalqdelakrghgkpyaqldaaarggidalvkdalrrntydaatgtltlsaertaaiaavashyaglfgtdtkldklreqyamsagslpaaddrtaltgfffwsswaaatdrpgetalsytsnwpheplvgntptagagiwsvasiivmigaiagmvffhsaqpeeadpkppkddplfklkatpsmkatrkyfavvvalilaqvgmgvitahysveghsffgfplgdilpftisrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkfqalgvnvlfyallfivagstacgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqyllfvgllfwafllgrglwpalrrpsesrgliamvflaavciggfyatsltwgqhthyamveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraasanaaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptaviaigamfsalevvplsmigieayrnyqrmkaapwvasyrwailcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgvglmlfclrgltdrlawsdallkpmfwllniglammvfmalvpagiyqawasiskgmwfarspevihspfmenmvwlrvpgdivfalgtlflalfvlrvmrrparpatvpvevpieiagrpaakarvstka
>Halorubrum_saccharovorum_DSM_1137  coded_by=complement(19327..21615),organism=Halorubrum saccharovorum DSM 1137,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meltrktiakvivaafllnlvvmgagawfayqeappipeevvgpdgetiataetvqegkaafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytagalelktehmreyyaqeeygagygsldsaeraavdqtvrddldsahdgsdvvrysaaeayahervretyveryhegdhdrgvpvgmidsteeaedfadfalwtawfshtdrpnsdnsytnewpyspgagndatgaamtwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepsaagisvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieevfgihilqilpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqsryvnvllaalvtvvvggmggiwlgangyfdgqlwwllgnegleylevgkvwqggllvgfilwailairglkplldrepvyglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpttnmavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnlltrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramtetggfpyklpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvaymlqlsidperwdgswlrasfwlwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqlevaftesyaaarslafyerplvqtlfwarmpgdsllilgtvvyfadlirkrfvlrssaedptiddmavaegiiddd
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_INCA_402  coded_by=complement(2284267..2286558),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae INCA 402,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqgqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Mycobacterium_nebraskense  coded_by=complement(37662..39980),organism=Mycobacterium nebraskense,definition=nitric oxide reductase
maaqqtaqssqplvgkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvnesgqllftgdditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmatddvanqlrtqgvtdprdrvvtefranrynattktlvftdrqaaafdhiqghyaayfgenstkygllprmitdkaqihdltaffawtawagaaerpghkysytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhgaegstlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygviphgllsqqweyldlprlfqilliigmflwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllassgthytvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqsgdsqpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitrpgnaviewlrmpgdiilivggvlpfvwiawtalrhfrtgstvqelpehplyvdaptepetgatvsakd
>gamma_proteobacterium_HdN1  coded_by=complement(2537510..2539807),organism=gamma proteobacterium HdN1,definition=Probable nitric oxide reductase, NorB-like
mgpykkhwftligvcivmfsllgyfgaevyrsappipeqvtttdgkvlfdqesiidgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelgaqaqygkafaelpvgaqgglraelkaeyrsndvdaqgkltvserraqamaqtaayyeklfsndpelrtsranfamkentlpdaqrraqmtqfffwtawaaatdrpgtnvtytnnwpheplidnipssenvvwsimsivvllagvgflvwgwsflhkhdesdpaapardplttfaltpsqkalgkylflvvalfvaqvfiggftahytvegqtfygidvsqwfpyalmrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvfvcvgsfagnyfaiahimpkelsfmwghqgyeyvdlgrgwqilkwvgilvwlvlmlrgvtpalfrksgedknllalltasvgaiglfygaglfygershlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvskrmatsaslvsaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsaleviplivlgyeawenwrlksrapwmenlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflaigfsilvlryirpefifndklmklgfwglnaglvlmistsllpigliqfsasvseglwyarseefmqqpllhnlrwirtfgdvvfiigavsvalqvvlglagvnlsdaanddetaprskteaa
>Sideroxydans_lithotrophicus_ES-1  coded_by=1104867..1106243,organism=Sideroxydans lithotrophicus ES-1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqfksqsvakpyfiaaialfvgqilfglimgyqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwilfgfmgaayylipeesetelfspklaivmfwvfltagvltivgylavpyatlaqmtgndilatmgrefleqplptkigivivalaflfnismtvlkgrktsislvmllglwglaifflfsfynpsnlvldkyfwwwtvhlwvegvwelilgamlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyiiiamtlitgiigtghhyfwigapeywqwfgsvfsalepipffmmtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaatlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqitaahghmafygayvmvnltmisyampllrgrssnpdsaqtmemwsfwlmtvsivfitlfltvagvlqiwlqrmgtsplgfmdtqdqvrlfywmreftgfifllglvlyiwsffkkgtvktva
>Halorubrum_arcis_JCM_13916  coded_by=complement(97762..>99893),organism=Halorubrum arcis JCM 13916,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
evqdgkeafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktqhmreyyadaeygaaydaldsgeqsridaivrdeldqshdggdvveysaaelyahervretyveryhegdhdrgvpvemigseeeaeafadfalwtawfshtdrpnadhsytnewpyspgagndatgsamiwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepssagisvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiervfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqgtyvsvllgalvvvvvggmggiwlgangylpgelwwllgnegleylevgkvwqagllagfilwavlairglkplldreppyglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpstniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywmpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramretgfpytlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqldvaftesyaaarslafyerdivqtlfwarlpgdtliiagtavyvadlirkrfvlraseddpsvddmavaegivgddd
>Ralstonia_eutropha_H16  coded_by=complement(2630886..2633174),organism=Ralstonia eutropha H16,definition=nitric oxide reductase qNor type (NorB2)
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappmpakvvttegrtlftgeeildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawlelaaqdangrpyaqldapaqaalreqlrteyrgnatdpatnvltvskrraqaiadtaayydqlfsdapalhttrehyamkentlpsaerreqlthfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgkedappqapardpllavaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvflggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvevlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklpahlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgilpalrargtdrnllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwslkrrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlsptlmktafwglnlglvlmigtsllpigiiqflasvehgtwyarseafmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfawqvvlglanrtplaadavpagmkpaar
>Veillonella_sp._DORA_A_3_16_22  coded_by=<1..1450,organism=Veillonella sp. DORA_A_3_16_22,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
piedpiskitltpsqralgkylftilalflfqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsfagtylgvahqipaawnfllghqgyeyielgriwqwieyigilfwlvlmirsiigafkqkgdknliaafifsvimvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvklglvsyragtvaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstivatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagvfgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalniglalmvlisllpigliqawasithglwfarseefmqqpllqnlrwlrmigdtiliigavaffwqivkvlfpkks
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=complement(296190..297536),organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlfvaqvlfglvagtiyvlpntlstllpfnvvrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfqyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttitnillfglwgvaifflfafynpvnlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqirgrapykqwlsmasfwimctammvmtfaltfagmvqvhlqrvlgqgymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrarqpvipgalqpae
>Haloferax_mediterranei_ATCC_33500  coded_by=complement(28..2313),organism=Haloferax mediterranei ATCC 33500,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melkrktiakviavvfifnlvvmgagawfayqeappipekvvgpdgevivngeeirdgkkvfqqnglmnhgsilgngayygvdytadalelkvqymrdyyaqerhgesysaldsatqaaiadvvekdldgtyeggaieyseaeryaheqvrqeyvqryhegdhergvpvgmidseaeaeqfadfamwtawfshtdrpgsthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaegisvpepgevsifpsqraalrfipvaaglfvaqvllggllahfyieragffgietlfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlailwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeprkqstyingllgaivvvtlgglggiwlgangyidgplwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkepvyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpdtniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvplgsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyrtmstgenfpyrlpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidparwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarslafynqpiiqtlfwarlpgdtlmilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlressddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Haloferax_mediterranei_ATCC_33500  coded_by=complement(2235757..2238042),organism=Haloferax mediterranei ATCC 33500,definition=cytochrome B
melkrktiakviavvfifnlvvmgagawfayqeappipekvvgpdgevivngeeirdgkkvfqqnglmnhgsilgngayygvdytadalelkvqymrdyyaqerhgesysaldsatqaaiadvvekdldgtyeggaieyseaeryaheqvrqeyvqryhegdhergvpvgmidseaeaeqfadfamwtawfshtdrpgsthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaegisvpepgevsifpsqraalrfipvaaglfvaqvllggllahfyieragffgietlfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlailwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeprkqstyingllgaivvvtlgglggiwlgangyidgplwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkepvyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpdtniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvplgsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyrtmstgenfpyrlpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidparwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarslafynqpiiqtlfwarlpgdtlmilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlressddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Haloferax_mediterranei_ATCC_33500  coded_by=2459286..2461571,organism=Haloferax mediterranei ATCC 33500,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melkrktiakviavvfifnlvvmgagawfayqeappipekvvgpdgevivngeeirdgkkvfqqnglmnhgsilgngayygvdytadalelkvqymrdyyaqerhgesysaldsatqaaiadvvekdldgtyeggaieyseaeryaheqvrqeyvqryhegdhergvpvgmidseaeaeqfadfamwtawfshtdrpgsthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaegisvpepgevsifpsqraalrfipvaaglfvaqvllggllahfyieragffgietlfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlailwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeprkqstyingllgaivvvtlgglggiwlgangyidgplwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkepvyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpdtniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvplgsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyrtmstgenfpyrlpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidparwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarslafynqpiiqtlfwarlpgdtlmilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlressddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Thiohalorhabdus_denitrificans  coded_by=complement(102367..103767),organism=Thiohalorhabdus denitrificans,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqyasqsvakpyfiaalglfvvqilfglimgtqyvvgdflfpaipfdtakmvhtnslivwlllgfmgasyylvpeesetelhspklaialfwiflvavlltvvgyltmtystlakitgneywptmgrlyleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtvlkgrktvvssvlligliglaglflfafynpdnlaldkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimasilafvlikltgvdrevvekwlyviiavtlitgilgtghhyywigapeywqwwgsifsalepipffmmvvfafnivnrrrrdhpnqaatlwalgtavmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvlvvltmisyamphlrgqgsaasnraqvmemwsfwlmtvsmffivlfltaagilqvwlqrygadpmpfmqvqeevalfywarvltglvfltglivylasffakgepvtekaaaqaag
>Shewanella_sediminis_HAW-EB3  coded_by=4655751..4658036,organism=Shewanella sediminis HAW-EB3,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
msklkltaialiavliasftvllsigsdiyrekppiptafvatdgqtlfskddveqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhrearawlnitsqerfkqdfdslssekqagleqllredirhntviintddttqvtlsrtrilaieeisqhylslfgddpklytlreqyamkegtvpslarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpgldytytnnwpfdpqlgntptssnivwsilsivtliagigglvwyhasgkheplpeptaqdplffkkptpsqkavgkyfvtaiglfllqiflggitahyavegqefyglplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiattwlgtglyiasalsghepkyqrlgvnvlwaalvvvvlgsmagewagvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqvlllgglliwlglvtaairpalknqgemspviwvlyssciaiglfygaglfmgkhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialmlvrlglirtrsanaavlfttlifltggligtlhhlyftgaptsvvawgaifsalevvplaiigyeavesyrmrqaapwmiryrwaimffvatafwnlvgagvlgflinppialyfiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgiglmlfctrgltgqmqwnekllkgafwslniglagmvfmsllpvgitqffaviengywfarspevihsplvetlvwmrvpgdvvfgigglfmglfffdiikkaigtktqtveegistea
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=20681..23008,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhsllrkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=899893..901239,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqilfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywirlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgksaspalnqavqpae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_BL225C  coded_by=complement(1109882..1111228),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti BL225C,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqilfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywirlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgksaspalnqavqpae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_Rm41  coded_by=complement(901475..902821),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti Rm41,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqilfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywirlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgksaspalnqavqpae
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH054  coded_by=complement(769729..772005),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH054,definition=hypothetical protein
mgeyrklwwtllavlavtfgilgyfgrevyrqappipdevrsvagdhlfsgteildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelttwlelgareqygkafgeldedqqavlrnrlqreyrhnrarngvltlserrveairqtatyyvalfgddpalqhsrrsfamkentlpslerreemthfffwtawaaaterpdsvatytnnwpheplvgnqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrkeeeephpplhdpislvgltpsqkalgkylllvvglftfqvmlgggtahytvegqdfyglplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkhqklgvdilfwalvvvvlgsfvgnflaiaqilppqwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlalmlrgilpafrkpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglsygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvsvraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpthahaalfggygflalgftllvlryirpglafnerlmktafwclngglvlmlstsllpigiiqfhasvdvglwyarseafmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalsmvwqvitgvlaplsstatasvpggverld
>Shewanella_putrefaciens_CN-32  coded_by=3565847..3568132,organism=Shewanella putrefaciens CN-32,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mskqkltvialllvliasftvllsigseiyrekppiptaftdasghtvfsgqdieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhkeaeawlnirameqyqhpfeqltnpakagleqalrddlrrntveqhadgtsiirlsttrveainkvsqhylslfgsdpelknlreqyamkegtvpdlarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdasytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggliwhhasgkheslpkpaeqdplflakptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkyqrlgvnvlwvalviivvgsmagewmgvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqillliglliwlalvtaamkpalkvqsemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhsnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsansavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrktshwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagilgflinppialyyiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgkmqwnekmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywyarspevihsplverlvwmrmfgdvifsvggllmgaflfdlikkalnktpqvqhellepnr
>Neisseria_meningitidis_FAM18  coded_by=complement(join(1568945..1570915,1570919..1571200)),organism=Neisseria meningitidis FAM18,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvaldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3809  coded_by=8373..9719,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3809,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
mryetqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaaaaavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtlkagrkhpncaallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayavpqlrqrapynqwlsiasfwimctammvmtfaltfagilqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrtkpavipgalqpae
>Mycobacterium_tuberculosis_TKK-01-0051  coded_by=503507..505831,organism=Mycobacterium tuberculosis TKK-01-0051,definition=hypothetical protein
mairsaasrtakpavnrsligrgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgvlvyrtytasmplpdrvvdesgkvlftdaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvaaqwraqgvadskervvaefrtnrynpgtkalvftnkesvafdhiqqhyadyfgenstkygllprlitskadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaesrvdngptasivvwsvlslitllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraavwmfavvsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvggslvcealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipaakwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitrpgnaliewlrlpgdfililggalpfvwiawtairnvrrapasdelpehplytelgtvpapsqeg
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(15419..17749),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mqdiphnatqegvpimgpykklwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipqevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggklvlsprraqavaqtgayydqlfsdapalhasrehyamkentlpdarrrqqlthfffwtawaaateragasvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagigllvwawaflrgkeepepeapaqdplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhlqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=complement(2111..3505),organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyhtqriaygyfvvamalfavqvsmgllmgyiyvnpnflsellpfnivrmlhsnslivwlllgffgsayylipeeaerdihsptlawlqlailvlgtagvvvtyvfdlfhgnwllgkegrefleqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvtmtvlkgrktaisnvlllglwglallflfafynpsnlvldkqywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpaywqwvgsifssfeivpffammsfafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcsvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclvlaivtyampimknrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsggmlfmtftltfagtlqthlqrvngefymdvqdqlalfywmrfgsglavvvgallfiwsvlavrrevvtpgpvqrqrdeiahrtpae
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=complement(2104..3498),organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyhtqriaygyfvvamalfavqvsmgllmgyiyvnpnflsellpfnivrmlhsnslivwlllgffgsayylipeeaerdihsptlawlqlailvlgtagvvvtyvfdlfhgnwllgkegrefleqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvtmtvlkgrktaisnvlllglwglallflfafynpsnlvldkqywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpaywqwvgsifssfeivpffammsfafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcsvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclvlaivtyampimknrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsggmlfmtftltfagtlqthlqrvngefymdvqdqlalfywmrfgsglavvvgallfiwsvlavrrevvtpgpvqrqrdeiahrtpae
>Rothia_mucilaginosa_M508  coded_by=142287..144704,organism=Rothia mucilaginosa M508,definition=hypothetical protein
matkpvsraqaakiarrsdtvgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimavlamrtyalsmplpdkivgndgktiatqeqilhgqelfqgrglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlttdaavkeyreqgkqdprelvknewrkenkydeqtktitwsagetkgyqlmlkhyretlmkgdtsqglfpnaikndeelhdivaffgwtawasaadrpdqpysytnnwpsepnvdnkptadlmvwsalslialiggtglmfaiygrwsraigwhaeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaacllfatilvlfllqalvgaltehyreeltgffgidmgqllpytvsrtwhlqlslfwtagaflaggifiaplitrrepkkqglltyvligavvfvvlgsllnewfsqkglipkeftgffsqqwefldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlsarlkgskktslpwlflfsglaipmfyavgllagqrthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysvggvigtlhhtyfvgtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahasmmgvygmlaiafavfglrylipedkwpekglkfsfwtlnigllwmsfisllplgiaqlyksvgegyyearsfafihdgasavmgwmrmpgdviflvgiipliklallgikeifsknaketvlelpepplyevvedariaefagakaaeelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Elizabethkingia_meningoseptica_FMS-007  coded_by=655501..657744,organism=Elizabethkingia meningoseptica FMS-007,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipekvittegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkddkvyhnlpdeeqarykillqkelrtntfdkasntivisperakvqcelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdayaipvntvkdtgrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfyvaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Campylobacter_concisus_UNSWCD  coded_by=complement(27424..29655),organism=Campylobacter concisus UNSWCD,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mreykrywlalvavlvvcfsilgyygvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkyadlndeqkanlkvllkkvyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkaisqvaseyaalfgddpkfkslreayamkentlpnasdradlnnfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiasvvilltgvgllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfvfqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfvgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyklqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylykgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasleqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwarmigdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkka
>Peptococcaceae_bacterium_CEB3  coded_by=complement(88726..90144),organism=Peptococcaceae bacterium CEB3,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mklfrmfsagasgrhpvltrprqqvflaqkisrryclaavtlfaiqsvvalagaldlvipdlpspipfefgraihlgfavlwpligtmgmvyyftaaelnreifsprlarwqfgvvlvfalsvyvtlslrigngreylegmpalylgiglalllaaynlvrtlwadkhhitpaaaimtvgilfllilllpnvlhydnptldeaakfwvvhlweemafelttagfiatffivaglavrekvekwlyleaglavtgglystghhyfwigvpslwlvlgalisllevvpvvmlvqmtyvglksskannttgikskrekltlwlilssllyhvtgasvfglmitvpwvnlyvhgtyttsahahlalfgsmgflvlagcyyvlsrgseptqagykagvlavlllnigligmgtallvagflqtylwrvlgrdfmqvsllltpyllarvlaggmfalgdflliwqiyaawwrtrknps
>Cupriavidus_necator_N-1  coded_by=complement(2471205..2473493),organism=Cupriavidus necator N-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase qNor type NorB
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappmpakvvttegrtlftgeeildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqdaygrpyaqldapaqaalreqlrteyrgnaadpatkvltvskrraqaiantaayydklfsdapalhttrehyamkentlpsaerreqlthfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgkedappqapardpllsvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvdilfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklpahlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgilpalrargtdrnllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwslkqrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlsptlmktafwglniglvlmigtsllpigiiqflasvehgtwyarseefmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfawqvvlglanrtplaadavparmktavr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL002PA2  coded_by=12643..14976,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL002PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradtssffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL002PA3  coded_by=complement(75489..77822),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL002PA3,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradtssffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL046PA2  coded_by=4199..6532,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL046PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradtssffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MIN_061107_1834  coded_by=complement(158892..161162),organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MIN_061107_1834,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
migkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgetlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaeqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhiqqhyadyfgenstkygllprmitskadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptrdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Propionibacterium_acnes_P6  coded_by=complement(69591..71924),organism=Propionibacterium acnes P6,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvfslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._intermedius_str._NCTC_5011  coded_by=complement(124433..126724),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. intermedius str. NCTC 5011,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>[Polyangium]_brachysporum  coded_by=complement(4955530..4957785),organism=[Polyangium] brachysporum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkstnrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgwqiylfappipksvqttggevlytgdqiqrgqqawraaggqqlgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavalrkilvgqqalteetaaaidakvkremrrntyddlsgavkvsperaaairevaahfdglfgseaslaalreqyamgdgvlpekadrqaltafffwsawsastdrpseeglsytsnwpheplvgntltgtaamwsmasvilllagiaamlwlharghgeeeaevpktdpllgvkatpsmkatrkyffaviglillqigmgvitahyavegkaffgipladvlpyvstrtihtqvgifwiatawlatglyiapllggrepklqklgvdalfwalivvvlgstvtgwlgtlqhrgvdfafwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvyllgralwpalktpsetrgliamvflsatciggfyatsltwgqhthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftklglvhaasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlywtgtptsviavgavfsalevvpltligleamqtwrrsqsvawlqaykwpilcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaalyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyerslhadrlikpafwafngglammvfmsllpagiyqayaaitqglwyarspevihgsvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavylalyalkllrkpavtsapvgalpvkp
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM003  coded_by=complement(72317..74572),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM003,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3139  coded_by=complement(44083..46338),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3139,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_34  coded_by=complement(3309384..3311672),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 34,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklpvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR2543  coded_by=2204158..2206479,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR2543,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Geobacter_pickeringii  coded_by=complement(3533981..3536251),organism=Geobacter pickeringii,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
maerttpvetlspwwrnsvilvlvlgftvliwiavrsyqdappipdrvvsgdgttiftgadilagqqvflryglmengtvwghgaylgpdfsaeylhtlagetaqaiarqrygrdagelndaeretvaaevgtllkgnrydprsrtltflaseaasyrqqirkwrdyfsrptndgglpgayisdqreleqltsffawtawasvanrpgkpysytnnfpydpevgnrptsdaflwsalslimllggtaavlfsfgkfdflgwqgkgehihpqmlpgattesqratikyfvvvallflaqtlvggatvhyrvdpgsfygidissllpshilrtwhlqlaifwvatayvagglllapslgkepkgqvgginflfgalvvvvvgslvgemlgvrqmlgslwfwfghqgweyldlgrawqillavglvlwgfllfraltparqdperreiaslflygalaiplfylpamfftgtthfsvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffevfvtamvavifynlgmvshltaarvvyldallylgsgivgtghhwywtgqsavtmalaamfsalevvpltlltldawdfvklsrgkcdvcnkpvsiphkwtfyfliavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyfevgtmltpnhghaammgvfgmlavaltvfalrqvltdeqwagperfvrvsfwglniglalmvvtnlfpggvlqlfdvldhgywhargpeflngtiprliewlrmpgdlvfiaagafplliaagltyrmmrsrl
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=171041..173326,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtpvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Rhodobacter_sp._AKP1  coded_by=115826..117166,organism=Rhodobacter sp. AKP1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalayfsvamalfaiqvfggllagwiyvspntlsevlpfnvvrmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaerelfstklaylqlgilvvgtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrrtaitnillmglwllsllwifafinpdnlgldkmywwfivhlwvegtwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpaywqwigsifstmevvpffammsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmlrgrapynqwlnmtafwlmtggmsfmtfvltfagtiqvhlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlglfyamrfgagamvvagallfiyslavvrrqapagnavgeaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=complement(7002..8348),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
mryetqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagaavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtlkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayavpqlrqrapynqwlsiasfwimctammvmtfaltfagiiqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrakqavipgalqpae
>Achromatium_sp._WMS2  coded_by=complement(4448..5836),organism=Achromatium sp. WMS2,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyksqtvakpyfiaalllfavqiafglisglqyvrgdflfpnlpfdvshmvhtnslimllfltfmgsayymvseetetelvapwlawiifwlflatalatlagyvalpyaklaeltkndlfptmgrkyleqptiaklsfivlmiisvlqlfitawrgrktgintimliglasttvvfalafynpnnlvlskfyrwwvvhlwirctwelmaaamlaflliritgvhrniiekwlylisaavlvsgligvgqhyywigapdywywwgsvfsalepvpmfmmtvfafnmlnlrnyehpnkaallwtigstvvtflgagiggfihtlapinyythgtqitvahshmlfygtyimlslamisyavptlyghkakneraqvvemwsfwlmtvamtfitlflattgvlqvylqrytdnpqpfmvvqerialfywmrelaglalaigfviylasffvtanqhkkhkphh
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_MSMB121  coded_by=complement(1383129..1385417),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB121,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrswtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpadqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdaraaaaqrvaghyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgitytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalrnqategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtttsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkshaapwiqsykwailcfvavgawntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsargawsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvfvsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdivfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpappqpderavgqaaqrm
>Mycobacterium_sp._MAC_080597_8934  coded_by=16251..18578,organism=Mycobacterium sp. MAC_080597_8934,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggalpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_sp._MAC_011194_8550  coded_by=complement(64324..66651),organism=Mycobacterium sp. MAC_011194_8550,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggalpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=133598..135919,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaateqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=complement(1690751..1693072),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaateqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S130  coded_by=81434..83725,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S130,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S123  coded_by=216146..218437,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S123,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S1  coded_by=216662..218953,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_53180-1  coded_by=198832..201123,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 53180-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0462R  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0462R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0329R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0329R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0243R  coded_by=218207..220498,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0243R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110700562  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110700562,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-107  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-107,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_16(11S1S4-09)  coded_by=218277..220568,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 16(11S1S4-09),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1832R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1832R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S62_POEL  coded_by=216526..218817,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S62_POEL,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0215R  coded_by=216235..218526,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0215R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA11/00189-8HSA  coded_by=43802..46093,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA11/00189-8HSA,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0094R  coded_by=216649..218940,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0094R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0050R  coded_by=182971..185262,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0050R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22846  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22846,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA10/02412-8HSA  coded_by=218287..220578,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA10/02412-8HSA,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08BA02176  coded_by=287201..289492,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08BA02176,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_ST398  coded_by=309584..311875,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus ST398,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome B subunit
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08-01728  coded_by=12155..14446,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08-01728,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08-01084  coded_by=10202..12493,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08-01084,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08-01085  coded_by=12155..14446,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08-01085,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08-01062  coded_by=197802..200093,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08-01062,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08-01059  coded_by=198926..201217,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08-01059,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08-01229  coded_by=12155..14446,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08-01229,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08134-6  coded_by=218612..220903,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08134-6,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_110802495  coded_by=3690..5981,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 110802495,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08139-6  coded_by=218220..220511,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08139-6,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_09S00475  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 09S00475,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_09-00736  coded_by=12155..14446,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 09-00736,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08143-5  coded_by=216415..218706,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08143-5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_10S01493  coded_by=81289..83580,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 10S01493,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_09S01694  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 09S01694,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_10S00488  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 10S00488,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110601896  coded_by=81290..83581,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110601896,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110802883  coded_by=1137..3428,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110802883,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_08142-8  coded_by=216712..219003,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 08142-8,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1(04GN_04-02-52-07)  coded_by=12152..14443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1(04GN_04-02-52-07),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110701127  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110701127,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110601704  coded_by=43407..45698,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110601704,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110807699  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110807699,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110700610  coded_by=216616..218907,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110700610,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1111101949  coded_by=81255..83546,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1111101949,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1110904178  coded_by=182665..184956,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1110904178,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1111001578  coded_by=12217..14508,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1111001578,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1111102620  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1111102620,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_11S00627  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 11S00627,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1111200013  coded_by=198994..201285,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1111200013,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1111203374  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1111203374,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1111206270  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1111206270,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1111205429  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1111205429,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_11P4  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 11P4,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_11P8  coded_by=218231..220522,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 11P8,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_12S01399  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 12S01399,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_12S00881  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 12S00881,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_11S01586  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 11S01586,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_12464  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 12464,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2(04HN_17-03-52-05)  coded_by=12437..14728,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2(04HN_17-03-52-05),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2010-60-1240-1  coded_by=15606..17897,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2010-60-1240-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_12S01153  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 12S01153,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_12-ST01988  coded_by=81290..83581,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 12-ST01988,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_18439-17  coded_by=198020..200311,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 18439-17,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_19571  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 19571,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_1484-9  coded_by=198927..201218,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 1484-9,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_14(11MN_17-08-66-05)  coded_by=218105..220396,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 14(11MN_17-08-66-05),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_18439-62  coded_by=183361..185652,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 18439-62,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_150211/pool_1  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 150211/pool 1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2009-60-561-1  coded_by=182815..185106,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2009-60-561-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2010-60-6063-29  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2010-60-6063-29,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2010-60-6511-5  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2010-60-6511-5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2010-60-7626-19  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2010-60-7626-19,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2011-60-1490-31  coded_by=103423..105714,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2011-60-1490-31,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2010-60-6511-39  coded_by=216722..219013,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2010-60-6511-39,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2010-60-6511-10  coded_by=216400..218691,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2010-60-6511-10,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2011-60-2256-5  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2011-60-2256-5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2011-60-2275-7  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2011-60-2275-7,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2011-60-2078-5  coded_by=182499..184790,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2011-60-2078-5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22825  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22825,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22835  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22835,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22(2K81-5)  coded_by=103421..105712,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22(2K81-5),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22838  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22838,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2011-60-2275-1  coded_by=8713..11004,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2011-60-2275-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22843  coded_by=81368..83659,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22843,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22841  coded_by=81368..83659,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22841,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22837  coded_by=81368..83659,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22837,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_28(18S1K13-24-05)  coded_by=43431..45722,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 28(18S1K13-24-05),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_27999-3  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 27999-3,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_22P79  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 22P79,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2393-19  coded_by=197964..200255,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2393-19,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_23237  coded_by=81290..83581,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 23237,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2393-15  coded_by=43287..45578,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2393-15,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_25(2889)  coded_by=12152..14443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 25(2889),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_36P5  coded_by=218090..220381,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 36P5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_36P1  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 36P1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_40P10  coded_by=218194..220485,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 40P10,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_28(3K2-5)  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 28(3K2-5),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_37(18S2S5-05)  coded_by=152483..154774,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 37(18S2S5-05),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_44(2608)  coded_by=43819..46110,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 44(2608),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_43P3  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 43P3,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_40P5_1_1  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 40P5 1_1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_43P8  coded_by=218221..220512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 43P8,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_47P9  coded_by=12269..14560,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 47P9,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_45(2607)  coded_by=183171..185462,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 45(2607),definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_56824-2  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 56824-2,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_5670-1  coded_by=12210..14501,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 5670-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_56824-10  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 56824-10,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_47P5  coded_by=43838..46129,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 47P5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_56824-21  coded_by=197826..200117,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 56824-21,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_63-D10  coded_by=81370..83661,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 63-D10,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_56824-5  coded_by=5464..7755,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 56824-5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_56824-15  coded_by=197667..199958,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 56824-15,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_56824-7  coded_by=182808..185099,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 56824-7,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_75495-3  coded_by=182812..185103,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 75495-3,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_6665-5  coded_by=43760..46051,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 6665-5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_76669-6  coded_by=12202..14493,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 76669-6,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_87807-11  coded_by=12218..14509,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 87807-11,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_81070  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 81070,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_81629  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 81629,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_86770-7  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 86770-7,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_87807-1  coded_by=198845..201136,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 87807-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_87807-9  coded_by=197850..200141,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 87807-9,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_84069-2  coded_by=182752..185043,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 84069-2,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_BG407  coded_by=43311..45602,organism=Staphylococcus aureus BG407,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C0676  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C0676,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_87807-12  coded_by=12155..14446,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 87807-12,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_87807-16  coded_by=198148..200439,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 87807-16,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C0626  coded_by=218705..220996,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C0626,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_88088-1  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 88088-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_88088-2  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 88088-2,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C0637  coded_by=218300..220591,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C0637,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C0630  coded_by=218300..220591,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C0630,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_9P9  coded_by=218174..220465,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 9P9,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C1655  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C1655,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C1673  coded_by=43407..45698,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C1673,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C1894  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C1894,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C1842  coded_by=12152..14443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C1842,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C2930  coded_by=12168..14459,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C2930,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C1891  coded_by=216641..218932,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C1891,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C2942  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C2942,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C2928  coded_by=215495..217786,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C2928,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C2706  coded_by=43311..45602,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C2706,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C3452  coded_by=216125..218416,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C3452,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C4151  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C4151,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Chi-8  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Chi-8,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_DICM09/00997-9HST2  coded_by=139292..141583,organism=Staphylococcus aureus DICM09/00997-9HST2,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C4668  coded_by=43260..45551,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C4668,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C4155  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C4155,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Chi-10  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Chi-10,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C3865  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C3865,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Chi-4  coded_by=12348..14639,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Chi-4,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C3672  coded_by=182803..185094,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C3672,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-112  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-112,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_DICM09/01587-13HST  coded_by=216907..219198,organism=Staphylococcus aureus DICM09/01587-13HST,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_C5453  coded_by=217985..220276,organism=Staphylococcus aureus C5453,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_FP_N5203_OX  coded_by=198172..200463,organism=Staphylococcus aureus FP_N5203 OX,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_FP_N5208_OX  coded_by=182731..185022,organism=Staphylococcus aureus FP_N5208 OX,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_FP_N239  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus FP_N239,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-090  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-090,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-061  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-061,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-052  coded_by=180507..182798,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-052,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-177  coded_by=3010..5301,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-177,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-110  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-110,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-102  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-102,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-131  coded_by=10018..12309,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-131,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-158  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-158,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-155  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-155,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-115  coded_by=225694..227985,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-115,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M118-B  coded_by=81371..83662,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M118-B,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M357  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M357,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_MRSA-118  coded_by=153489..155780,organism=Staphylococcus aureus MRSA-118,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M267-1  coded_by=81255..83546,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M267-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-147  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-147,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M457-1  coded_by=12027..14318,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M457-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-159  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-159,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_MSSA-123  coded_by=111854..114145,organism=Staphylococcus aureus MSSA-123,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-168  coded_by=8713..11004,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-168,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M520-1  coded_by=197850..200141,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M520-1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_MRSA-136  coded_by=153309..155600,organism=Staphylococcus aureus MRSA-136,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_GD2010-169  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus GD2010-169,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_MSSA-37  coded_by=100785..103076,organism=Staphylococcus aureus MSSA-37,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_R0611  coded_by=12378..14669,organism=Staphylococcus aureus R0611,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_N0426  coded_by=218183..220474,organism=Staphylococcus aureus N0426,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_MSSA-47  coded_by=130400..132691,organism=Staphylococcus aureus MSSA-47,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.290  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.290,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_N1343  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus N1343,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_R0357  coded_by=217044..219335,organism=Staphylococcus aureus R0357,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.545  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.545,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_R0353  coded_by=218221..220512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus R0353,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_R0294  coded_by=218186..220477,organism=Staphylococcus aureus R0294,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.51  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.51,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_R0545  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus R0545,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.9  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.9,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_R0615  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus R0615,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S64_POEL  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S64_POEL,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.60  coded_by=216641..218932,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.60,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.40  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.40,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.3  coded_by=43816..46107,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.3,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Rd.614  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Rd.614,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S63_POEL  coded_by=216477..218768,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S63_POEL,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S56_POEL  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S56_POEL,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_SARM_C4155  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus SARM C4155,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_SARM_C5621  coded_by=216342..218633,organism=Staphylococcus aureus SARM C5621,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_95  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 95,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-22  coded_by=64148..66439,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-22,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-15  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-15,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S69_POEL  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus S69_POEL,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_98  coded_by=182971..185262,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 98,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_44  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 44,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_99  coded_by=43260..45551,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 99,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_93  coded_by=43748..46039,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 93,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_194  coded_by=193610..195901,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 194,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_46  coded_by=198196..200487,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 46,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-16  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-16,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-20  coded_by=43491..45782,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-20,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_74  coded_by=69735..72026,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 74,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-6  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-6,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-12  coded_by=216720..219011,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-12,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_UB_08-172  coded_by=12375..14666,organism=Staphylococcus aureus UB 08-172,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_UB_08-116  coded_by=12218..14509,organism=Staphylococcus aureus UB 08-116,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA_15  coded_by=12129..14420,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA_15,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA_12  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA_12,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA_11  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA_11,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-5  coded_by=138326..140617,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-5,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Tur-4  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Tur-4,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA_1  coded_by=218707..220998,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA_1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA7  coded_by=9127..11418,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA7,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VE08/02126ST1  coded_by=43260..45551,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VE08/02126ST1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA_8  coded_by=81377..83668,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA_8,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VE07/03048STA  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VE07/03048STA,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA_9  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA_9,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_USA_6  coded_by=216745..219036,organism=Staphylococcus aureus USA_6,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0053R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0053R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VE08/02244ST1  coded_by=216447..218738,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VE08/02244ST1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0054R  coded_by=12858..15149,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0054R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VE08/02242ST1  coded_by=216690..218981,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VE08/02242ST1,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0052R  coded_by=103221..105512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0052R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0051R  coded_by=43260..45551,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0051R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0055R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0055R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0057R  coded_by=216152..218443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0057R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0067R  coded_by=29800..32091,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0067R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0059R  coded_by=216590..218881,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0059R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0061R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0061R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0069R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0069R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0058R  coded_by=216048..218339,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0058R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0065R  coded_by=12429..14720,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0065R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0062R  coded_by=218221..220512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0062R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0060R  coded_by=216720..219011,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0060R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0066R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0066R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0063R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0063R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0073R  coded_by=138326..140617,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0073R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0072R  coded_by=138488..140779,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0072R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0070R  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0070R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0075R  coded_by=218162..220453,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0075R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0083R  coded_by=12220..14511,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0083R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0076R  coded_by=216581..218872,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0076R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0078R  coded_by=183831..186122,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0078R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0084R  coded_by=103302..105593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0084R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0081R  coded_by=152483..154774,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0081R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0091R  coded_by=43406..45697,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0091R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0089R  coded_by=296296..298587,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0089R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0085R  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0085R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0086R  coded_by=218186..220477,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0086R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0099R  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0099R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0102R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0102R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0088R  coded_by=216883..219174,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0088R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0090R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0090R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0087R  coded_by=297593..299884,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0087R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0095R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0095R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0098R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0098R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0093R  coded_by=216649..218940,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0093R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0092R  coded_by=216443..218734,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0092R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0107R  coded_by=12152..14443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0107R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0104R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0104R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0103R  coded_by=216883..219174,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0103R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0101R  coded_by=43702..45993,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0101R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0113R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0113R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0110R  coded_by=180507..182798,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0110R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0105R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0105R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0116R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0116R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0112R  coded_by=216434..218725,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0112R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0114R  coded_by=183597..185888,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0114R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0115R  coded_by=216482..218773,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0115R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0117R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0117R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0123R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0123R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0124R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0124R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0129R  coded_by=296296..298587,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0129R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0127R  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0127R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0128R  coded_by=8763..11054,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0128R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0126R  coded_by=216719..219010,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0126R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0134R  coded_by=12781..15072,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0134R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0125R  coded_by=216720..219011,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0125R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0148R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0148R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0133R  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0133R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0130R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0130R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0132R  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0132R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0150R  coded_by=218197..220488,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0150R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0136R  coded_by=217214..219505,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0136R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0151R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0151R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0141R  coded_by=218197..220488,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0141R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0140R  coded_by=296297..298588,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0140R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0155R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0155R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0154R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0154R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0152R  coded_by=220079..222370,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0152R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0156R  coded_by=184252..186543,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0156R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0157R  coded_by=216152..218443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0157R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0161R  coded_by=216458..218749,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0161R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0158R  coded_by=152402..154693,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0158R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0159R  coded_by=180505..182796,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0159R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0171R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0171R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0178R  coded_by=218221..220512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0178R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0166R  coded_by=225706..227997,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0166R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0162R  coded_by=143082..145373,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0162R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0165R  coded_by=218277..220568,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0165R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0164R  coded_by=12178..14469,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0164R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0180R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0180R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0179R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0179R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0188R  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0188R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0190R  coded_by=216442..218733,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0190R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0176R  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0176R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0177R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0177R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0192R  coded_by=152483..154774,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0192R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0191R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0191R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0194R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0194R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0189R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0189R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0198R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0198R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0193R  coded_by=218186..220477,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0193R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0197R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0197R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0195R  coded_by=180507..182798,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0195R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0213R  coded_by=216401..218692,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0213R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0203R  coded_by=297243..299534,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0203R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0216R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0216R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0200R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0200R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0212R  coded_by=218101..220392,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0212R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0219R  coded_by=12510..14801,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0219R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0214R  coded_by=43790..46081,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0214R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0217R  coded_by=219943..222234,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0217R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0221R  coded_by=81728..84019,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0221R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0228R  coded_by=3010..5301,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0228R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0218R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0218R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0227R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0227R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0224R  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0224R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0230R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0230R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0235R  coded_by=182557..184848,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0235R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0229R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0229R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0244R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0244R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0241R  coded_by=43260..45551,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0241R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0236R  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0236R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0237R  coded_by=138853..141144,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0237R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0251R  coded_by=218211..220502,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0251R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0249R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0249R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0247R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0247R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0261R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0261R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0268R  coded_by=12192..14483,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0268R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0252R  coded_by=138326..140617,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0252R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0254R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0254R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0270R  coded_by=1206..3497,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0270R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0253R  coded_by=138326..140617,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0253R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0267R  coded_by=12257..14548,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0267R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0260R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0260R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0259R  coded_by=7755..10046,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0259R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0269R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0269R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0256R  coded_by=182742..185033,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0256R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0278R  coded_by=12156..14447,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0278R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0271R  coded_by=217166..219457,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0271R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0279R  coded_by=218186..220477,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0279R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0280R  coded_by=216605..218896,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0280R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0284R  coded_by=107660..109951,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0284R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0282R  coded_by=216883..219174,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0282R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0286R  coded_by=7758..10049,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0286R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0288R  coded_by=12340..14631,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0288R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0290R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0290R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0289R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0289R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0291R  coded_by=297305..299596,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0291R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0295R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0295R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0292R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0292R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0300R  coded_by=218303..220594,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0300R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0293R  coded_by=216649..218940,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0293R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0294R  coded_by=215497..217788,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0294R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0296R  coded_by=216458..218749,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0296R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0297R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0297R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0306R  coded_by=43259..45550,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0306R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0299R  coded_by=43812..46103,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0299R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0304R  coded_by=43310..45601,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0304R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0298R  coded_by=216410..218701,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0298R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0305R  coded_by=216481..218772,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0305R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0302R  coded_by=103221..105512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0302R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0313R  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0313R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0307R  coded_by=43834..46125,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0307R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0303R  coded_by=103221..105512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0303R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0312R  coded_by=180507..182798,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0312R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0309R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0309R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0308R  coded_by=43840..46131,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0308R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0323R  coded_by=12270..14561,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0323R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0314R  coded_by=81728..84019,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0314R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0315R  coded_by=12326..14617,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0315R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0316R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0316R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0317R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0317R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0325R  coded_by=43311..45602,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0325R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0318R  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0318R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0322R  coded_by=218178..220469,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0322R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0326R  coded_by=12452..14743,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0326R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0319R  coded_by=184483..186774,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0319R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0339R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0339R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0340R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0340R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0337R  coded_by=12218..14509,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0337R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0336R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0336R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0333R  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0333R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0335R  coded_by=43601..45892,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0335R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0343R  coded_by=12290..14581,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0343R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0352R  coded_by=216458..218749,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0352R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0338R  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0338R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0354R  coded_by=43260..45551,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0354R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0341R  coded_by=216468..218759,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0341R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0342R  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0342R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0353R  coded_by=183720..186011,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0353R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0357R  coded_by=217190..219481,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0357R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0359R  coded_by=43602..45893,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0359R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0366R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0366R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0360R  coded_by=216639..218930,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0360R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0358R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0358R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0367R  coded_by=138326..140617,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0367R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0363R  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0363R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0369R  coded_by=218229..220520,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0369R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0361R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0361R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0382R  coded_by=12096..14387,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0382R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0368R  coded_by=253971..256262,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0368R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0373R  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0373R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0383R  coded_by=12456..14747,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0383R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0387R  coded_by=216482..218773,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0387R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0376R  coded_by=12853..15144,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0376R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0390R  coded_by=216656..218947,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0390R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0389R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0389R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0388R  coded_by=216673..218964,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0388R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0394R  coded_by=152402..154693,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0394R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0406R  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0406R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0395R  coded_by=218279..220570,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0395R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0401R  coded_by=12218..14509,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0401R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0413R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0413R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0411R  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0411R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0412R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0412R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0414R  coded_by=216722..219013,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0414R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0399R  coded_by=103061..105352,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0399R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0400R  coded_by=216458..218749,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0400R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0402R  coded_by=81728..84019,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0402R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0410R  coded_by=43195..45486,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0410R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0407R  coded_by=216720..219011,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0407R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0417R  coded_by=182743..185034,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0417R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0422R  coded_by=55763..58054,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0422R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0426R  coded_by=7499..9790,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0426R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0415R  coded_by=43709..46000,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0415R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0418R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0418R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0421R  coded_by=43311..45602,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0421R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0431R  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0431R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0423R  coded_by=43683..45974,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0423R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0425R  coded_by=12374..14665,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0425R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0424R  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0424R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0428R  coded_by=216707..218998,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0428R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0427R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0427R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0433R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0433R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0432R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0432R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0434R  coded_by=43698..45989,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0434R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0437R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0437R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0435R  coded_by=216707..218998,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0435R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0440R  coded_by=216410..218701,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0440R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0439R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0439R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0436R  coded_by=220667..222958,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0436R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0438R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0438R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0444R  coded_by=12386..14677,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0444R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0452R  coded_by=12375..14666,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0452R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0443R  coded_by=43732..46023,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0443R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0454R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0454R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0451R  coded_by=216458..218749,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0451R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0456R  coded_by=182557..184848,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0456R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0455R  coded_by=216152..218443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0455R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0463R  coded_by=12270..14561,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0463R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0460R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0460R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0464R  coded_by=197959..200250,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0464R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0468R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0468R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0471R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0471R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0470R  coded_by=218301..220592,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0470R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0472R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0472R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0465R  coded_by=216482..218773,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0465R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0485R  coded_by=12330..14621,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0485R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0473R  coded_by=151947..154238,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0473R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0467R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0467R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0478R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0478R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0489R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0489R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0596R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0596R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0657S  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0657S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0519S  coded_by=218187..220478,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0519S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0787S  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0787S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0488R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0488R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0486R  coded_by=216119..218410,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0486R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0810S  coded_by=43171..45462,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0810S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0612S  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0612S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0645S  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0645S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0919S  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0919S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0809S  coded_by=218186..220477,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0809S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0765S  coded_by=218350..220641,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0765S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0798S  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0798S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0779S  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0779S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0920S  coded_by=218186..220477,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0920S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1054S  coded_by=218009..220300,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1054S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1035S  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1035S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1048S  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1048S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1052S  coded_by=183046..185337,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1052S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1088S  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1088S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1181S  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1181S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1068S  coded_by=218138..220429,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1068S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1103S  coded_by=218300..220591,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1103S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1168S  coded_by=152481..154772,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1168S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1104S  coded_by=183172..185463,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1104S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1245S  coded_by=39744..42035,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1245S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1411S  coded_by=43692..45983,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1411S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1519S  coded_by=12192..14483,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1519S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1526S  coded_by=12196..14487,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1526S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1422S  coded_by=218350..220641,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1422S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1495S  coded_by=13567..15858,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1495S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1468S  coded_by=12456..14747,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1468S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1515S  coded_by=180507..182798,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1515S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1419S  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1419S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1434S  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1434S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1499S  coded_by=180507..182798,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1499S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1779S  coded_by=1267..3558,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1779S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1727S  coded_by=218303..220594,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1727S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1816S  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1816S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1831R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1831R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1738S  coded_by=183965..186256,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1738S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1835R  coded_by=12456..14747,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1835R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1817S  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1817S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1822S  coded_by=224852..227143,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1822S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1833R  coded_by=218204..220495,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1833R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1839R  coded_by=9068..11359,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1839R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1848R  coded_by=43287..45578,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1848R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1834R  coded_by=216639..218930,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1834R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1838R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1838R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1853R  coded_by=10675..12966,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1853R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1849R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1849R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1851R  coded_by=216705..218996,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1851R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1854R  coded_by=10675..12966,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1854R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1856R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1856R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1850R  coded_by=218011..220302,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1850R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1846R  coded_by=231333..233624,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1846R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1855R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1855R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1861R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1861R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1859R  coded_by=198975..201266,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1859R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1867R  coded_by=218280..220571,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1867R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1858R  coded_by=108459..110750,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1858R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1866R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1866R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1872R  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1872R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1860R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1860R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1865R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1865R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1868R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1868R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1871R  coded_by=216967..219258,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1871R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1869R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1869R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1884R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1884R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1877R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1877R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1873R  coded_by=216697..218988,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1873R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1892R  coded_by=12172..14463,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1892R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1880R  coded_by=12251..14542,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1880R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1876R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1876R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1893R  coded_by=183172..185463,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1893R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1890R  coded_by=216649..218940,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1890R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1875R  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1875R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1905R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1905R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1897R  coded_by=218284..220575,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1897R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1886R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1886R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1907R  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1907R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1896R  coded_by=218221..220512,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1896R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1901R  coded_by=216722..219013,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1901R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1898R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1898R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1899R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1899R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1904R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1904R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1906R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1906R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1908R  coded_by=218278..220569,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1908R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1949S  coded_by=12476..14767,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1949S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1912R  coded_by=12258..14549,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1912R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1918S  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1918S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA10/00045-9HST  coded_by=216722..219013,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA10/00045-9HST,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1911R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1911R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1914R  coded_by=216036..218327,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1914R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1915R  coded_by=43311..45602,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1915R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1917S  coded_by=218186..220477,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1917S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA10/00058-8HST  coded_by=12267..14558,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA10/00058-8HST,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA09/03576-8HST  coded_by=218097..220388,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA09/03576-8HST,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1959S  coded_by=218340..220631,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1959S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA10/00047-8HST  coded_by=216722..219013,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA10/00047-8HST,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA09/03576-9HST  coded_by=216640..218931,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA09/03576-9HST,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1913R  coded_by=216366..218657,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1913R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1956S  coded_by=182962..185253,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1956S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1909R  coded_by=216468..218759,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1909R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1910R  coded_by=218288..220579,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1910R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1950S  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1950S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_ZTA11/03130-3ST  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus ZTA11/03130-3ST,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_Z61  coded_by=complement(210686..212083),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa Z61,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike5  coded_by=574807..576204,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike5,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike7  coded_by=574716..576113,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike7,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LES400  coded_by=574506..575903,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LES400,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESB65  coded_by=574352..575749,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESB65,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike1  coded_by=574428..575825,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike4  coded_by=574288..575685,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike4,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_sp._P179  coded_by=complement(146488..147885),organism=Pseudomonas sp. P179,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESB58  coded_by=574740..576137,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESB58,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LES431  coded_by=574736..576133,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LES431,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=6488579..6489976,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(139002..140399),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH033  coded_by=60945..62342,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH033,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtmlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Solitalea_canadensis_DSM_3403  coded_by=complement(549796..552096),organism=Solitalea canadensis DSM 3403,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mnstkrlwllfalvmvisfsvlgyygvkiyqeappipekivnskgeviftgeeikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreavfilnswaqkhygvnfddlneenkaylkarlqkdirkntydpqskvisisgdresavkalsdyysrlftndpqfdklrehyaipknsikeegrlkklnaflfwatwatvterpgakisythnwpaddlvgngptkdllawsgvsiilllffvgvmvfyhvrsgeeeslpvpaqdplirekltpsmiavkkyffvvsllivlqvvlgvitahygvegngffgiplgqiipysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavggkdpkfqifgvnflfialliivvgsmigqwmgvmqklnlidnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifllvglflwlalmvrpllpllkrkveeknliilflisctaiamfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlsvlmstvvfmsggiigtfhhlyftgtptavmalgatfsalevvplvlmgyeayhnfqltksskwiadykwpicfmisvafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsmyrdltwndkllkftfwsiniglflmavlsllpvgvwqaiesiekgmwyarsaelmqqpqmitlkwmraigdsifgigtlalcwfvldlifkrksrtdrsemhlvdkdlekesvinn
>Solitalea_canadensis_DSM_3403  coded_by=complement(3448428..3450728),organism=Solitalea canadensis DSM 3403,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnstkrlwllfalvmvisfsvlgyygvkiyqeappipekivnskgeviftgeeikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreavfilnswaqkhygvnfddlneenkaylkarlqkdirkntydpqskvisisgdresavkalsdyysrlftndpqfdklrehyaipknsikeegrlkklnaflfwatwatvterpgakisythnwpaddlvgngptkdllawsgvsiilllffvgvmvfyhvrsgeeeslpvpaqdplirekltpsmiavkkyffvvsllivlqvvlgvitahygvegngffgiplgqiipysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavggkdpkfqifgvnflfialliivvgsmigqwmgvmqklnlidnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifllvglflwlalmvrpllpllkrkveeknliilflisctaiamfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlsvlmstvvfmsggiigtfhhlyftgtptavmalgatfsalevvplvlmgyeayhnfqltksskwiadykwpicfmisvafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsmyrdltwndkllkftfwsiniglflmavlsllpvgvwqaiesiekgmwyarsaelmqqpqmitlkwmraigdsifgigtlalcwfvldlifkrksrtdrsemhlvdkdlekesvinn
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=816..2225,organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
merlyesqrlaiwyfwtaialfgaqllfgllaayqfinpdflygtlnfmtnrmlhinamviwllmgfiggiywflpletqreivgiklgklayfafvitvaivvlvflikqfgkgdfftlwfitegreyveaprwadigvvavalivaynvvatvlasrrltgilgvlivdlaalfglylagmfftpnitvdqfwwwwvvhlwveatwevlegvlmgwllmhllgtprkiieawlyievmlvfgtgilglghhyywigtppywlgiggffssleplplvamvihavydagvhrlqtvnrpalfwafaqafgnlfgagvwgfmhtlpqinlfshgtqlaaahghlaffgayvaanlaifyyilgktrvkegyimngavwriayigliigmfgmvasltvagfaqtmieraslgstweayiqaqmhpwmehayrwrfffglifalsymallydlltagkrveqvkeaelar
>Bacillus_azotoformans_MEV2011  coded_by=complement(65358..67619),organism=Bacillus azotoformans MEV2011,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mnykklwvwlslviiisfgilgyyggriyqvmppipervvtedgielftgqdikdgqnvwqsiggqelgsiwghgayvapdwnadwlhrealfildkwghaeygnyfidlneeqqaqlqarltkemrtntydeatkelvisndrmeafqylssyysglfmdnpelselrdqyaipkntiksqermdlmntfffwstwatvtnrpgdnvsytnnwpsevlvenrptseliiwsiisfvmllagvgalawyfavqrhkephlpevypekdpllglaptpsmkatlkyfwivtalivvqvglgavtahyavegsgfygipiqewipysvtrtwhtqlgilwiatawlatglymapavsgyepkwqrglvnflficlliivvgsmagqwmgvfqkfdfqanfwfghqgfeyvdlgrfwqifltvglflwlflmgrallpafkkssedrhllamfllaataiplfyipgllwgqqshlamaeywrwwivhlwvegffevfatvvmaflftrmgllrtgtatasvlfstiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtpmgvlaygavfsalevvplvligfeayenltlsrtrewvkeykyaiycfvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinppislyymqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclkgltrqkhwktkllsfsfwainiglllmallsllpvgllqtwasfehgmwyarsaeflqkdivqtfvwlrligdtifaigilalgwfiiglktgrslldknais
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=complement(4886546..4887892),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipqlkgrapynqwlsmasfwimctammtmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekratipaalqlae
>Geobacter_bemidjiensis_Bem  coded_by=complement(1443499..1444872),organism=Geobacter bemidjiensis Bem,definition=heme-copper oxidase subunit I superfamily protein
mktiefesqrvslwyfrlalvlfilqvimglwlsinyaftlpqelvnvfpfstareihtntlvawmllgfmggtyyilppecdrelystkiaylqliifvaaavtavigflfgwtrgkplleipfplnalivvaallfianvamtiikakvktalqwmllggvtflalmylfgmpfyrnlntdyyywwwvihlwvegaweivtasimayiimrvtgverqvvekwlyvetglflftgivgtghhyywigapdywlwwggifsaleplpivlmvvdtwmhvrerrnpivnpltwyyivglaiyhlvgaglwgfmhtlppvnrythgsqitvshghlaffgayallnltifyfamprlkgitkyhdtagrwgfwittiamftlglvfgiagilqtylerfldigystaqqtmmlwfriafgvglvflggvlttiwhlftlkpsdkqaaeevvvtpaani
>Haloferax_gibbonsii_ATCC_33959  coded_by=complement(239057..241339),organism=Haloferax gibbonsii ATCC 33959,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvvsgdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygesydeldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggaiqytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpanmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqstyinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidaerwdgswlhaafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdsliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Pseudomonas_kilonensis  coded_by=16726..18153,organism=Pseudomonas kilonensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalllfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrhhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmtdgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Campylobacter_concisus_ATCC_51561  coded_by=complement(69805..72036),organism=Campylobacter concisus ATCC 51561,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mreykrywlalvavlvvcfsilgycgvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkyadlndeqkanlkvllkkeyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkaisqvaseyaalfgddpkfkplresyamkentlpnssdradlnnfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenvfwsiaslvillagigllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfafqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallflvvgsfvgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslfmvggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimaigasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyklqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasleqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwlrmlgdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkks
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidasius_NBRC_107763  coded_by=complement(89680..92043),organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius NBRC 107763,definition=hypothetical protein
mevnrsvrpsfrperrtqnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgdvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakdrygkpfsqlakeektiirdevikemrknrynpatdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrrvftsgdgwglqkglikesdmpkahrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprigdhitytnnwpyyeaagntmsfsaiwwsgasvtililfigmilfffyryqlsmqeaykegqfpvidlhkqpltssqvksgkyfaivavlffiqsmfgallahyyvepdrffgikwihdllpfniaksyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifiaplvgghepkkqgifvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvagmliwlfivfrgiksglkqerdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmkpdtnftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmklvtksstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvhfpykstfwflistavwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfgiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfacwmlnlglagmiavtllpigilqmkeafehgywasrspdflqqdvvqtlltlravpdtifligvivlmafsvkslfhlrkpthgeeealpvvdftkee
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidasius  coded_by=1450628..1452991,organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevnrsvrpsfrperrtqnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgdvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakdrygkpfsqlakeektiirdevikemrknrynpatdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrrvftsgdgwglqkglikesdmpkahrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprigdhitytnnwpyyeaagntmsfsaiwwsgasvtililfigmilfffyryqlsmqeaykegqfpvidlhkqpltssqvksgkyfaivavlffiqsmfgallahyyvepdrffgikwihdllpfniaksyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifiaplvgghepkkqgifvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvagmliwlfivfrgiksglkqerdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmkpdtnftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmklvtksstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvhfpykstfwflistavwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfgiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfacwmlnlglagmiavtllpigilqmkeafehgywasrspdflqqdvvqtlltlravpdtifligvivlmafsvkslfhlrkpthgeeealpvvdftkee
>Brachybacterium_faecium_DSM_4810  coded_by=complement(3217056..3219578),organism=Brachybacterium faecium DSM 4810,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msvlqrpeqgekrseisiskgwvqgvalvlvfgffvmgvlayrtytdsmplpervvsesgetvftqeeitrgqdvfltrgiqqygsivghgaylgpdytaeylrlssehirgeleaqgvqdpseatvqmqrtnrfdeetgilvltdeqisafeeatshyaevfgdpttahglipnaitdpqeireltafyawtawasaaerpglgysytnnwpaeprvdnhptadilvwsaislvallaglgilfavygrwssslgwkgndttalkflqpgevgitraqkstawfflvvallfliqstvgasvehyrvelqgffgldlaqifpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaasflaaaiflapiiagrepkgqhvlsygllgalalvvvgmlggtaisiygpswakgspffsqqweyldlprafqvllvvglflwfliifrairsrlrteskfnmpwlfvyaalaipafyavgllatnethltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaylfvmlgvvrrriaiqiilldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgavfsalevipltfltveawtflqlgarqesrssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyqigtsltanhahgsmmgvygmlavglalfalryiirpskwpdrlakisfwslniglawmlfatllplgvmqlwasvnqgyfeartlgyvtnpgnlvlewmrmpgdvlflvggvlpfvfitwlgvrhairptvtrmepetlfveetaaaradrtgeaaapvgadggmlgaeagplppgrargrrradvpdaagagrsadggagrsryasdrredesegpss
>Gammaproteobacteria_bacterium_SG8_30  coded_by=complement(2302..4581),organism=Gammaproteobacteria bacterium SG8_30,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhstrklwavlgltmlvsfsilgfmgreiyltkppipsevrsaagqvlftgdqiltgqqvwqsigghqvgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreamamldaragrlgaggydrldaagraalraelgvemksntldpdslvvtvgqeraaairavlshydslfsaapetatlreqyaihdnpvpdparrqalgafifwsawaavtnrpgdtvtytsnwpaeplvgnsptsptymwtfvsiflllagvgalvwyhaaiagkepapevpasdplqnlaltpsmrasikffvlavalflaqvalggitahyavegqafygielsqvlpyslartwhtqigvlwiatawlgtglfiapavsgrepalqrfgvnflfvallvivvgafagqwvsvmrqsmsldtnfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqaflfvglilwlvlvgralwpalrapgesrtltgllflsvvaiglfygaglmwgkathlamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlglvrtatavsavlfatviflsggvlgtmhhlywtgtptavlafgsvfsalevvplavigfeaygnyshvtarpwvaryrwpilffvavafwnlvgaglfgflinpplalyymqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfslrlvpargewddrlaarsfwalngglglmallslapvgllqvkaavehgfwfarspeflhsdlietlvwlrvpgdvlfalgavllalffarlflgrreapvgapakepsga
>Halorubrum_distributum_JCM_9100  coded_by=<1..2152,organism=Halorubrum distributum JCM 9100,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
lrdvykrqvqdgkeafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktqhmreyyadaeygaaydaldsgeqsridaivrdeldqshdggdvveysaaelyahervretyveryhegdhdrgvpvemigseeeaeafadfalwtawfshtdrpnadhsytnewpyspgagndatgsamiwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepssagisvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiervfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqgtyvsvllgalvvivvggmggiwlgangylpgelwwllgnegleylevgkvwqagllagfilwavlairglkplldreppyglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpstniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramretgfpyklpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqldvaftesyaaarslafyerdivqtlfwarlpgdtliiagtavyvadlirkrfvlraseddpsvddmavaegivgddd
>Pyrobaculum_sp._1860  coded_by=complement(645372..647540),organism=Pyrobaculum sp. 1860,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mkngwtylvlaatvlvyvvyiamavwtfynlppipervvtksgqllftaqdviegkvlaqryglldygsflgfggyfgidytaytmkfyvdkigqlrgttlapeikrlmtpelsarasslfspaagtavvsdefgaayrqavefyrqlfgpraeeiglkpnlitdpehvrkivsfftwgvmaamanytngfpympgilgpnvhvtvstwvtffvlllvimplagwiiikfidywrepritvelppptaeqrlallgfvlavlglsiqgllggylmhkytepsslygisginnilpfnvaralhynlailwiavswvsfalfvlpylgvklsrgkvlailgagaftalgillgiwssylqllpdplwfivgsqgrpvisqgtlwllliaallsylsitvwrasktspepiqplvkilsialagtafgafmgalpvatpwwhftideyfrwiiihsfvegfwpaivipillillviagmvppkmavaaagldatleivtgmigtahhyywggqptlwmyvgavmstlevlpigfliayalvlwkrgeyktelqktlltfvlvaafggavgvvafgaglinmpvvnyythgsqatmvhahlamplaygaptmlmwtvafalagafgaaqlrrlrlavvvmaagfylqvllslmllmtnqfaatqqlgywaskaifapdgtpafwmrpdihtyvwlrmigdvvagagiavfllcmirglpkalkpq
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1043  coded_by=22811..25099,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1043,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaavrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(3559515..3561803),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaavrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrm
>Thioclava_sp._DT23-4  coded_by=complement(16887..18272),organism=Thioclava sp. DT23-4,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyptqkialmyfavalglfavqvsmglligwiyvspnflsevlpfnigrmlhtnslvvwlllgffgaayylipeeserdihspflaylqlgilvlgtlgvvvtylfslfkgsllfgfsgrefieqpiwvkigiavaaviflynismtvlkgrktaitnilllglwlmvllflfafynpanlaldkqywwfvihlwveatwelvmasilaflvlkltgvdreviekwlyiivalalfsgilgtghhyywigmppywqwignifsslevaplfammaftfvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcsvvaffgagvwgflhtlhginyythgtqitaahghlafygayvmlnlamfsyampilrnrdpynqvlnmgafwlmtagmafmtftltfagtiqthmqrvegvdymsvqdqlwifyvmrfgsgvavvigayiliyalafprrevvkagpvqshksaetpae
>Burkholderia_oklahomensis  coded_by=2283084..2285372,organism=Burkholderia oklahomensis,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclvsfsvllwlgrdiyltappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelreawarqqfgapyaklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaasnrltlsdaradatlqvaehyealfgadssldtlrdqyamtagsvpdaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgvtytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgsiagmiwyhtahgehdtplavptndplvnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvlmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwivsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgreprlqklsvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgtlkhlgtnyafwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtttsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgiegwqtyrkshaapwirsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgisarsawsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqavqrt
>Archangium_gephyra  coded_by=complement(3157784..3160090),organism=Archangium gephyra,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqhrklwlglgavvlvsflvlggqgvrisrtlppipdkvmtpdgtvlltgesimrgqnvwqsiggqqvgsvwghgayvapdwsadwlhreatfvldtwaraesrasyalapaerqaalrerlaavmrtntydastgtvtldpvraeamrdnaayyadvfsqgrsafaipqgaltnpeklkdlgaffwwtswvtstnrpgdtvsytqnwpheplvgnvpasgvlmwslasvvlliagvgglvwylsgkkeeeelappekdpfsgmqltpsqratgkyflvvvalflaqvglggvtahfgvegagfygvplakylpyavtrswhtqlgifwiatawlatglfvgpavsgvepkyqragvnflfvclliivvgalfgqwasvqqrmgsgdywywfghqgweyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlfltaravwpalkkpsegrpllvlfvisslaiasfygaglmygqrshmgmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvmaflftrlgvlspraavpavlfttiiflssgiigtfhhlyfsgtpasamalgatfsalevvplvlvgrevwghirlsklpgwmeqyrwpilffigvafwnlvgaglfgflinppialyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgialmlfsfrmmqpdakwktaplawafwsinaglvlmvvlsllpigvlqtqaaieqgtwwarsaefmqtplmdtlrwlrvpgdvlfavgavllawfvvglktgwsleraeaprtkpepeterlgaaapahailrrr
>Lactobacillus_farciminis_KCTC_3681_=_DSM_20184  coded_by=137202..139499,organism=Lactobacillus farciminis KCTC 3681 = DSM 20184,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqvykrlnrtllwvlviafsiliaggflifkneaprpskmvdesgttivtkkqllsgqavyekygltdygsylgngtyfgpdytaqslhvyiqgmqnyyaqkqyktdfkdlsvekqsgikgkvkheirknrynsktdqlvlttaqvaglnhltkhyrhefrnnpheaglpenmihnntddfmqngdkidqltyfffwgawlsstnrphqtysytnnwpydldagnimtseamvwtalsvavlvtgvgvviyfykkyhfdmqfnesyadipeiktdepisnsqrktakfflivmmmflvqillgelmshyyvedtffglplqyiwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwiatawlatgiyitprvlgrepkrqgilvdilfwaliivvggsmlgewgstlgfingkwwifghygweyaemgkfwqilfiigmflwifimlrgfvpaikikknlhrsrllqlliigsiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgtgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsaleviplcllvweaythyrvykdshkgfpykgtfmflvstglwnalgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahasmagvygffsvaimlfairhltetnfwttkvekwikwacitmnvglagmvfitlmplgylqlkdalengywharqisfyrqplengltiarsvpdiiftagvvillvifframfhlkkaskeinpvdydir
>Arsukibacterium_ikkense  coded_by=22821..25088,organism=Arsukibacterium ikkense,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
magyrklwwllisilaitfgvlgyfgaevyrsappipakvidqqgqvlmtqetilngqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawlelaaqdehgqsyaqlnatqqhalkfmlkqayrtnsyhkatdtlqlsdrraqaiaqtaehyialfgddielsqtranyamknntlpslsrrqemtqfffwtawaasterapdsatytnnwpheplidnrptaenliwslvsiilliagvggliwgwaflrnhdeeepevpkqdpiarlkltpsqkslgkyillvvalftlqvllggvtahytvegdgfyglnttewlpyslsrtwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvagsfagnyfaimqimpeqysfwfghqgyeyidigrfwqiikyigvlfwlllmlravvpafkapgdknllalfaasvvcvglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvsrniattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknkapwmadikwplmffvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyylqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfcllilryirpqlvfdeklmktafwwmngglvlmlftsllpigfiqfyasateglwyarseafmqsdilqtlrwvrtigdiifivgalavswqvvkgvfdskaahqplhqqg
>Methylomicrobium_alcaliphilum_20Z  coded_by=1311256..1312773,organism=Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum 20Z,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mksgglagvienagvlvdrsrgywqdfqnwvqldsstlspgrqlavkyfivavilfcaqilfgllaalqfifpgflyeildfsvnrmvhinamivwmlygffgciywlledesgteivglkygniafwvltgavtivvlvyllvqigpgkdsslwfinegreyieaprwadigivavvltffynvvatfskgkwsgiagvltldlvalaglyvagmfymtnitheqywwwwvihlwveatwevlvgvimawslmkllgvrrkivetwlyievalmfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywltiggffsalepiplvamvvhavydagahsfktgnhpalawiiaqafgnffgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwsashghlaffgayatiniaffylaiqhwrgdvwmaggikhawrwkwalgllnagvlgmtialliagyeqsfieravegstwggyfaaqsqpafqsamtwrlffglitasglvllvwdlltigkgeerkaempqqa
>Duganella_sp._Root1480D1  coded_by=81819..84089,organism=Duganella sp. Root1480D1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatkklwtwlaiicllsfsvlgwvgreiylkappiaqvvddtgsvlytadqvkygqsawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsylapdwsadwlhreavalqdlfarknfnkdyaqleagakahvdalvktelrtntysadtnevklsairaeavrtvanhyaglfgnaeqydklreqyamapnslpeatdraaltgfffwsswaaaadrpgevglsytsnwpheplidntptagagiwsiasiilmigaiagmlffhslhkeeddpvppkndplfslkatpsmkatkkyflvviglilaqvgmgvitahfavegssffgiplanvlpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgaepkfqklgtdvlfyallfivvgstatgwlgtlqhkgvdfsfwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqillfigllfwafllgrglwpalkkpsesrgiiamvflaalciggfyatsltwgkgthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraasansaiiletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviaigamfsalevvplsligmeayrnykrsqsapwvgaykwailcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglvdrfawsdkllasmfwclniglammvfislvpagiyqaaaaitkgmwyarspevvhstfmetavwlrvpgdivfaigclflalfalrligkakkeetvaegvalen
>Bordetella_petrii  coded_by=complement(3767184..3769472),organism=Bordetella petrii,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
mgpyrklwftliavlavtfsllgyygadvyrqappipqqvrvadgatlftqedildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaaqarygapyatldtprqaglreelraeyranradpdtgvltvsprraqamaetaayyqrlfsdapelqksrehfamkentlpsaerrtaltqfffwtawaaaterpghevtytnnwpheplignhpsseniiwsivsvivllagvgflvwawaflhkheeplpapaardplttfaltpsqrslgkylflvvalfvfqvfiggftahytvegqkfygvdvsqwfpyalmrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqlmpahwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiafwlvlmvrgiapalktpgtdknllalltasvvaiglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattglafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlgarapwmanlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpqyalrpglmktafwglnlglvlmiftsllpvgfiqfhasvsqglwyarseafmqqdilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsmalqvvlglldrprapaqprvpavaeagr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_305  coded_by=230828..233146,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 305,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavcdrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR520  coded_by=488050..490368,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR520,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavcdrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR305  coded_by=1588198..1590516,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR305,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavcdrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2984561..2986879,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavcdrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR303  coded_by=complement(272435..274753),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR303,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavcdrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1824  coded_by=646973..649534,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1824,definition=hypothetical protein
matttgaedrskpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendangipdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnryaeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhseeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqdwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkeiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>[Polyangium]_brachysporum  coded_by=4946813..4948192,organism=[Polyangium] brachysporum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqivfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllvvwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhsvklaylqlalwvvmgvtavigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivvvmlmflynvvmtirksgrftttegvlllgvagaavlylpslleydnyvvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfmagilgtahhyywvgvpsywlpiggifsalepvalvgmamyaysamrrsglahpntlalhwtvgsavytlfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpaisparreqgtslgywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimglgyldaqlkiqvhflmligtgtlfaigvalfiidffryaprlevtqdatdpdlqavpvkpara
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus  coded_by=complement(5577..7940),organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttngflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpkssrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasatililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeaytegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnswflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgikrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_HK44  coded_by=258081..259508,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens HK44,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msvtnphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvvfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvsrmvhtnlliiwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalilfwvfaatgvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrvyleqptitkmgivlvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsvvmmtglillavfflfsfynpgnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwiggpevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvksrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltnahahlsfygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqiylqrwqadgialpfmatvehlqvlfwarlgagvgflagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Syntrophobacter_fumaroxidans_MPOB  coded_by=complement(3622744..3625020),organism=Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans MPOB,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mnaklrsvflfflvltfvvliwggylinkskppipdkittiagevvfsgkdivdgqnyyfsrggqhigtiwghgsylapdwsadflhrmglylaarhhglstaeahrfsqadfeglkpeerarlgvivreeiktnrfdpasgvlkftqyqmeafkalvdyytvlfqnghegmglqpgivrtaeegrlvtaffawlawaagtkrldaehtytanwpfdplvgnhplpdfliwsivsvillilgiaaalfayqryigrdeyetdpavdfpepnptpsqkvtllyfltaigllivqigmgavtahytvegtyffgiplagilpyaavrtwhlqlavffiatcflaaglfigpfvgkepkhqgtwvavlfgavvvvvlgalggswlsvagvfgdqgfylghqgyeyielgrvwqllliagmliwlvlvlrairpalheekdndglthmllystvsiplfymaglfygkgshlsdaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvmafllshigavsrkfaltaiyftiflylgsgvigtfhhlywagsptsiialgavfsalevvpltllgfeaahnlrviksggkayaykwpiyffvsvafwnlvgagmfgflinppivlyyaqginttpihshtalfgvygmlaislllfsvrhivsraswsdrmlkwsfwglngglasmavfslipsgfyqlffavkhglwyarspeitsgpviralswarlvpdvifaggaivlfvfllravwlsflrkdetgsgggravesnr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(15092..17422),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mqdiphnatqegvpimgpykklwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappiplevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggklvlsprraqavaqtgayydqlfsdapalhasrehyamkentlpdarrrqqlthfffwtawaaateragtvvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagigllvwawaflrgkeepepeapaqdplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhlqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR2243  coded_by=complement(3269115..3271403),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR2243,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasvivllgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR62  coded_by=3786062..3788350,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR62,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasvivllgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_CH811  coded_by=complement(<1..2155),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae CH811,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_NF13  coded_by=62334..63701,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri NF13,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirkagrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlittaslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlndtesglaetevrpt
>Propionibacterium_acnes_266  coded_by=complement(2092085..2094331),organism=Propionibacterium acnes 266,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
milgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>gamma_proteobacterium_HdN1  coded_by=complement(4477572..4478984),organism=gamma proteobacterium HdN1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqsvskpyfiaaiglffgqiifglimglqyiigdflfpeipfniarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgagyylipeeserelhspklaialfwifliagaltivgylslpyarlaeltgnnllstmgrefleqplitkvgivivalgflynlsmtilggrktsislvmmiglwglaifflfsfynptnivldkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlylivaftlitgligtghhyfwigapeywqtlgsvfsamepipffmmtifafnmvnrrrrehpnrvatlwamgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlspvnyythgtqvtaahghmafygayamvvmtmisytmplmrgreansnlsqvvemwsfwlmtiamvfitlfltgagilqiwlqrvsetpmsfmatqdqlmifywlrlasglmflaglllyiasffingepatvesrnpvgargaaa
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus  coded_by=4455..6818,organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeqyhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgvsvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvktgkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwiydllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavnyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmiaitllpvgilqikeafvngywasrspsflqqdivqtlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelsvanlaeee
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01_08  coded_by=complement(1858..4113),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01_08,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01_03  coded_by=complement(1858..4113),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01_03,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Veillonella_sp._oral_taxon_158_str._F0412  coded_by=complement(381623..383860),organism=Veillonella sp. oral taxon 158 str. F0412,definition=hypothetical protein
mgeykkywiavvavliigfsilgylgadvyhqappvptayvsqdgqvlftkedilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsvmldiksqeafgvlndqlgpaeqaaikevvkkeylgsavredgtvvlsperitamnltgryfvelygdnpdltltrdhfamkdntlpelqdridmarfffwttwmastqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesiawsvvsviillcgigvvvwlwafgkkddehalvpptedpiskitltpsqralgkylftilalflfqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsfagtylgvahqipaawnfllghqgyeyielgriwqwieyigilfwlvlmirsiigafkqkgdknliaafifsvimvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvtlglvsyragtvaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstivatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagvfgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalniglalmvlisllpigliqswasitnglwfarseefmqqpllqnlrwarligdtilivgavaffwqivkvlfakks
>Flavobacterium_limnosediminis_JC2902  coded_by=23296..24705,organism=Flavobacterium limnosediminis JC2902,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqkvaywffglcmllltlqiiygfimgfarigfdglhdfipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvklayvqlislalvgvaavvgyhfnhwegrkfleipreldylvvvnvllflglilatlfkgkqktttamvltmglvfaallyipgmiwfdsqvmdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgllgtghhyyfigvnkiwlvvggifsaleplaflamalfavnmyrkgekshpnkialywtigasivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghlafwgayamivlaiisyalpnltgrkrydsshgrmafwlsnigmigmtvafgvagvaqvylerkmkmdfmdvqneisihfvvlvicatmftvgislfiydfikygkpsdealeeksnnvlsgkrinniptakaayseetn
>Mycobacterium_nebraskense  coded_by=16385..18703,organism=Mycobacterium nebraskense,definition=nitric oxide reductase
maaqqtaqssqplvgkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvnesgqllftgdditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmatddvanqlrtqgvtdprdrvvtefranrynaatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqghyaayfgenstkygllprmitdkaqihdltaffawtawagaaerpghkysytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhgaegstlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygviphgllsqqweyldlprlfqilliigmflwiaiiyrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllassgthytvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqsgdsqpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitrpgnaviewlrmpgdiilivggvlpfvwiawtalrhfrtgstvqelpehplyvdaptepetgatvsakd
>Pseudogulbenkiania_ferrooxidans_EGD-HP2  coded_by=6968..9199,organism=Pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans EGD-HP2,definition=nitric oxide reductase
micllsfsvllymgkeiyqaappiptvvqgadgkalftgeqirrgqqawlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalreewarqrfgkpyaqldvghqgmldaelrremrangydaasdtltlsaaraaaarevaahyqglygadpafdklreqyamtanalpsaddrlavsafffwsawsaaadrpgeagvsytnnwpheplvgnaptaangmwsiasvilmlagiaamvwyhmaagegeepaqvpnadplgrlkatpsmratrkyfyvvigllltqvgmgaitahyaveghsffglplaevlpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsghepkhqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvcgwlgtlqrlgtdfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflvarallpalrnketegrsliamlllsaaciglfyatslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirmasanraivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgastavisigavfsafevvplalvgfegwqtyrrggaapwvarykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfainppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgvseaeqwddgllkptfwmlniglfmmvfmsilpsgiyqawasiehglwyarspevvhsalmqnlvwlrvpgdivfalgvlylgrfalkllgwggrkaaaaqra
>Sulfurimonas_gotlandica_GD1  coded_by=complement(1434592..1436025),organism=Sulfurimonas gotlandica GD1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
masnhltgigseskqlatwyftfaaiifgaqllfglvaaiqyvmpgflfelldfsvarmlhinalvvwmvfamfgsvywllpdetgietigikigkllywvfvaaivvvilvylfiqvgpadetsiwfihegreyieaprwadfgivvvalgfvanlwltgfkgknsgivtvlmadmiafaglylagmfftdnitvdqywwwwvihlwveatwevfvgaiaayglitmigahrkvvemwlwievamlfgsgilgighhyfwigtpeywweigalfsaleplplvamfihvlydwgktqgaqdatgqevsvinnkpaftwfvlnafgnflgagiwgffhtlpqvnlythgtqftsahghlaffgayatiligmmyiavqgtngikimkntraslwavslivggvmgmtialtiagyvqvlvsraqmgatwagyfdgqsgmwfaqamdwrlfmgaitflgflflvkdllstgknpvher
>Aggregatibacter_sp._oral_taxon_458_str._W10330  coded_by=65889..68138,organism=Aggregatibacter sp. oral taxon 458 str. W10330,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvtekgepvithddilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtllksrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaamdktaqyyislygddpaskvtrehfamkdntlpslearkdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpvapevdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgaivahytvegqefygldisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfggilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfsgattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamkqkaswmerlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllnsglilmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarsedfmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdivfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkrian
>Propionibacterium_acnes_JCM_18920  coded_by=complement(152976..154895),organism=Propionibacterium acnes JCM 18920,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvyg
>Neisseria_meningitidis_98008  coded_by=complement(52234..54489),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 98008,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvvlfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=201319..203604,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmmhfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplatfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepalraeparr
>Bordetella_petrii  coded_by=complement(4283363..4284784),organism=Bordetella petrii,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mnaanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglvmglqyvvgdflfpvipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalalfwifavagvltilgylllpyaglaaltgndvlptmgrefleqptitkagivvvalgflynigmtllkgrktaismvmmtgliglavlflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviigmalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfawnmmnrrrrqhpnraasywaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvmivltmisyamprlrgvgeappacaqrmelwgfwlmtismlaitllltaagvvqvwlqrmpadpaamsfmntmeqlalffwlrlgagvvflaglvcyllsfrqrgsvvsqqamaga
>Chromobacterium_violaceum_ATCC_12472  coded_by=complement(3787947..3790214),organism=Chromobacterium violaceum ATCC 12472,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mkntrrlwgwlavicllsfsvllymgkeiyqaappipavvqgadgkavftgdqirrgqqawlssggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalredwarqrfgkayaqldvgrqgmldaelrremrangydaasgkltlsvaraaaarevaghyqglygadpafdklreqyamtadalpsaddrlavsafffwsawsaaadrpgetglsytnnwpheplvgnaptaangmwsiasvilmlagiaamvwyhmaagegeeaaqvpdadplgrlkatpsmratrkyfyvvigllltqvgmgaitahyaveghsffglplaevlpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsghepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgtlqrlgtdfsfwlgnqglaytsmgrvwqillfigllfwlflvarallpalrdkategrsliamlllsaaciglfyatslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirmasanraivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgastsviaigavfsafevvplalvgfegwqtyrrggaapwvaryqwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclsgvsdteqwdnrllkptfwllniglfmmvflsilpsgiyqawasveyglwyarspevvhsalmqnlvwlrvpgdivfalgvlylgrfalkllgrrrkeagaaqra
>Candidatus_Methanoperedens_sp._BLZ1  coded_by=648..2045,organism=Candidatus Methanoperedens sp. BLZ1,definition=Cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mtrgletmseypskiktrkyfiaaillfivqmllglvmsvnflardsstnlpltfdilkalhlnlmvlwlllgfigglyyllpvetgrdikhprlidmqfwfllligigiiiseifftgrnwwlvegreyleagrvwdllltagllsvvynviatilesknklsspilvlaagaigsilmyvpgeiwfdsivaaeyfrwwvvhywveasfeliaagvialillamtqvrreiiekylaievalilltgiigqghhyywigtpgvwiflgglfsalqpvplflmvwsaykdlkenkkpilnkvvlymiigatignfvgaglwgflhtlpqinffthgtqitsshahfatpgtylllvigiaylaipeisgklnfsqyrgkigfwllvigflnmiialmiagviqvyqqrveglgfmsvqntllpyfgwrliggliafagglliaydlilistikvkvernninkei
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(64123..66411),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026a  coded_by=21613..23901,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026a,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026b  coded_by=complement(1032456..1034744),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026b,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21495..23783,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128123..130411,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=184324..186612,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21510..23798,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21503..23791,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21510..23798,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=136399..138687,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21503..23791,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27011..29299),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27028..29316),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27021..29309),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=115241..117529,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21507..23795,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27029..29317),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27029..29317),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21511..23799,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21972..24260,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27725..30013),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21517..23805,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27033..29321),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21524..23812,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(761561..763849),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(94222..96510),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21521..23809,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(30757..33045),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27033..29321),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27027..29315),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27038..29326),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27027..29315),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=141588..143876,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=22534..24822,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21499..23787,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21515..23803,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21550..23838,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21490..23778,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27021..29309),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21509..23797,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026b  coded_by=3591401..3593689,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026b,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21490..23778,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27011..29299),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27042..29330),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27027..29315),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21497..23785,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21518..23806,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5608  coded_by=21597..23885,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5608,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(2694335..2696623),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=8757..11045,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Diaphorobacter_sp._J5-51  coded_by=complement(28692..31001),organism=Diaphorobacter sp. J5-51,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgkyakywytligvlivtfsllgfygaevyrtappipgqvlvqgsdkplytkdgildgqtawqsvggmqlgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqkdhgkafadldvgqqavlrdrlkteyrtntydkakdtmvisplraeaiamtaqyydklfsndpslqktresyamkentlpsaerraqmagfffwtswaastersadlgggngatytnnwpheplignqptgenmvwsvmsvvimmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeqdpvppahdpltrvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvfiggftahytlegqtfygidlsqwfpyaltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvcvgsfvgnylaiahvmpqewsfwlghqgyeyvelgrlwqtakfagiafwlvlmaraifpvllapngqdknllalltcsvvciglfygtglfygerthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsyrmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwslqhkapwmaklrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllilryvrpqmqfnerlmktgfwwlnaglvlmistsllpiglfqfhasvthglwyarseeflqqpfletlrwvrtfgdlvfitgalcvtwqvvsgvlfaprapaapstgalaganr
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=745129..747414,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkykv
>Shewanella_sp._Sh95  coded_by=complement(176614..178899),organism=Shewanella sp. Sh95,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mskqkltaialllvliasftvllsvgseiyrekppipsafvdvngqvifsendieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaqawldlrakqqyqtpfeqlgsqekagleqalrddlrhnsveqqidgtqlirlsttrveairtvnqhylslfgddpklsslreqyamkegtvpdvtrreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdapytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggllwhhasgkheslpkpseqdplfftkptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefyglpiaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkyqrigvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqilllvglliwlalvtaaikpalkvqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhsnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsangavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkaspwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagmlgflinppislyyiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgnmqwndkmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywyarspevihsplierlvwmrmfgdiifsiggllmgtflfdlirkalnkpaklqgeqllpdh
>Hyphomicrobium_denitrificans_ATCC_51888  coded_by=611075..612424,organism=Hyphomicrobium denitrificans ATCC 51888,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyptqrvalayfvcamvlfgvqiivgvvagtvyvlpnflsdvvpfnilrmihtnalivwllmgffgcgyylvpeeaerdiespmlayvqlgllmfgalaavvgylfgihegrefleqplwikgaivvvaliylynismtimkgrktaignvlllgmwgiavfwlfafynpgnialdkvywwyivhlwvegvwelvmasilafllikmtgvdreviekwlyaivglalfsgvlgtghhyywigapgywqwigsifstfevapffamvifaftmvwkgrrdhpnkaamlwslgctvgaffgagvwgfmhtlsfvnyyshgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlamityampylrkrapynqvlnmwsfwimtsamafmtftltfagvvqvhlqrvlgmnymevqdqlalfywmrlgagafvaiacvlflysifgpvreekparidmplqpan
>Capnocytophaga_sputigena_ATCC_33612  coded_by=complement(36041..38284),organism=Capnocytophaga sputigena ATCC 33612,definition=hypothetical protein
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlifygveiyrttppfpekivttegevlyngqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresemlldifaakdgkvykdlseeeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelaayytklfmsdpsldktrshyaipknaikdsarmqqmnafftwttwvcstnrpnddvtytnnwpydpvignqpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgilvyyhasnkeeeesehlpaqdpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmlagvitahygvegegffgipldmilpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeyielgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasvaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrikvasasvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligfeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnfigagifgfainppialyyvqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwndkllgwafwliniglmtmlvvsvlpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtelmqtvrwlrvpgdillalgelllvyfiiglktgwslkekr
>Halorubrum_sp._AJ67  coded_by=20..1438,organism=Halorubrum sp. AJ67,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mggllahfyieragffgieqifgvhilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqgtyvnvllgalvtvvvggmagiwlgangylpgelwwllgnegleylevgkvwqfgllagfvlwavlairglkplldrepayglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpstniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramtetsgfpyklpfmfivasgiwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvaymlqlsidpdrwdgswlrasfwcwnvglalmvgisllpvgflqldvaftegyaaarslefynrdlvqtlfwarlpgdtliiigtaiymadlirkrfvlraseddpsvddmavaegivgdd
>Haloferax_sp._BAB2207  coded_by=complement(1703..3985),organism=Haloferax sp. BAB2207,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvgfmrnyyaqerygepydeldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvvamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaenitvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieslfgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Acidovorax_sp._NO-1  coded_by=complement(18931..21222),organism=Acidovorax sp. NO-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipakittaggevlythdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwlevaaerkhgksfaeldasdqavlrdrmkteyrtntynpetgeatvsstradaismtalyydrlfsdapemqktrenfamkentlpsaerraqmtgfffwtawaaaterpadvggsgatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeadpeppkhdplsrvpltpsqralgkylflivalfsfqvmlggftahytvegqqfyginvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpayqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgivpafrqpgdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsprmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrakwmanlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfserlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpiglfqfhasvseglwyargegfmqqpfmqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalamawqvvsglfgsrapaeagpylaqarr
>Haloarcula_sp._SL3  coded_by=complement(100474..102756),organism=Haloarcula sp. SL3,definition=cytochrome B
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlvvmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetvltgediregkktfqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteydslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnikysaaelyaheqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsvvamvllvgaagagiwlynavslpepsagdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyidvllvaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwlvgnegleylevgklwqvgllvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwngswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlvrkrfvlraseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Variovorax_paradoxus  coded_by=18494..20815,organism=Variovorax paradoxus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mrnnnrlwrwlafifvlsfgalgylgvqiyltappipsavssadgeviftgeqiqrgqqvwlstggqqlgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavalrnrhaqayrrdfdslspadrgalaatvveqmrrntydaasgvitvpadraqairevaahydalfgdgsshatlrgqyamtpgtlpdpadrqaltafffwtswaaatdrpgetglsytsnwpheplvgntmtssaavwsmvsiclllaaiaamlwlhgsqrheaeaqppqadpllgavatpsmkatrkyffaviglmllqiamgivtahyavegdsffglplaellpyvvsrtvhtqvgifwiatawlatglyiapllsgreprlqklgvdvlfwaliaivvgstltgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgriwqvllfvgllfwvfllgralwpalvkpsasrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvrtesanraiiaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgavfsalevvpltliglealqtwrrsqampwlaaykwivmcfvavgfwntigagvlgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyerqlhadrllkpafwslniglammvflsllpagiyqawasvtqglwyarsaeivhsrvmetlvwmrvpgdivfavgavllaayalrllrrpaaqaapqasvrgkgrkglavqaghvghaaer
>Legionella_pneumophila  coded_by=11869..14211,organism=Legionella pneumophila,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhtianetpvqinhpfdpitnvlkwillvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlapplpdrfvtstgetlmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqgelakirfnkayselteseqyvinkemqnslqhldlsektsiltpalatsirqlqteisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalktanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgavlyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdihiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatfefwtgriklenlfwastmnvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfvrnrrfiaghpkatdpsl
>Geobacter_metallireducens_RCH3  coded_by=complement(11158..13428),organism=Geobacter metallireducens RCH3,definition=nitric oxide reductase
maeritpvetlspwwrnsvilvlvlgftvliwiavrsyrdappipdrvvsgdgttiftgddilagqqvflryglmengtiwghgaylgpdfsaeylhtlagdtaqslarqrhgrdagglnaaeretvagavgtllkenrydfrtrtltflepeaasyrqqirkwrdyfshptndgglpgayisdpreleqltsffawtawasvanrpgkpysytnnfpydpavgnrptsdaflwsalslimllggtaavlfafgkfdflgwrgrgehihpqmlpgattdsqratikyfvvvallflaqtlvggatvhyrvdpesfygidissllpshilrtwhlqlaifwvatayvagglllapslgkepkgqvgginflfgalvvvvvgslagemlgvrqmlgslwfwfghqgweyldlgrawqillavglvvwgfllfralaparqdperreiaslflygalaiplfylpamfftgtthfsvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffevfvtamvavifynlgmvshltaarvvyldallylgsgivgtghhwywtgqsavtmalaamfsalevvpltlltldawdfvkltrgkcdvcnkpvsiphkwtfyfliavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyfevgtmltpnhghaammgvfgmlavaltvfalrqvltdeqwagpekfvrfsfwglniglalmvvtnlfpggvlqlfdvldhgywhargpgflngtiprliewlrmpgdlvfivagafpllaatgltyrmvrkrs
>Geobacter_metallireducens_GS-15  coded_by=complement(3921108..3923378),organism=Geobacter metallireducens GS-15,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b
maeritpvetlspwwrnsvilvlvlgftvliwiavrsyrdappipdrvvsgdgttiftgddilagqqvflryglmengtiwghgaylgpdfsaeylhtlagdtaqslarqrhgrdagglnaaeretvagavgtllkenrydfrtrtltflepeaasyrqqirkwrdyfshptndgglpgayisdpreleqltsffawtawasvanrpgkpysytnnfpydpavgnrptsdaflwsalslimllggtaavlfafgkfdflgwrgrgehihpqmlpgattdsqratikyfvvvallflaqtlvggatvhyrvdpesfygidissllpshilrtwhlqlaifwvatayvagglllapslgkepkgqvgginflfgalvvvvvgslagemlgvrqmlgslwfwfghqgweyldlgrawqillavglvvwgfllfralaparqdperreiaslflygalaiplfylpamfftgtthfsvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffevfvtamvavifynlgmvshltaarvvyldallylgsgivgtghhwywtgqsavtmalaamfsalevvpltlltldawdfvkltrgkcdvcnkpvsiphkwtfyfliavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyfevgtmltpnhghaammgvfgmlavaltvfalrqvltdeqwagpekfvrfsfwglniglalmvvtnlfpggvlqlfdvldhgywhargpgflngtiprliewlrmpgdlvfivagafpllaatgltyrmvrkrs
>Flavobacterium_johnsoniae_UW101  coded_by=2886477..2888711,organism=Flavobacterium johnsoniae UW101,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mkrekklwfvfalvmsisfavlgyygyeiyqqappvpkeiitdsgkvvfteteikdgqniwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhrealfildkfakedfnkkfddldaekqsalkirlqkdlrtnrydantgvltisenrlaaikslseyykglftndpkfdklreeyaipknsikddarmhkmnafffwatwatvtnrpdsdisythnwpsdelvgnkatkellawsgvsiillilsigilvfyhaksgeeeefplpkedpiinqgktpsmklvvkyfwivsllmilqmafgiitahygvegnglygipidqilpyavtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavsgkdpkfqcfginflfialliivlgsmagqwfgvmqkldlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifllvglflwlalmirplipilkkktqeknliilflisctaiamfygaglmwgrqtnlavaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvmaflfvrlgllktktatlnvlfatiifmsggilgtfhhlyfsgtptaimalgatfsalevvpltligfeayqnykiskstqwiadykwpiyfmisvafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyiqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglvlfvlrslyrnvnwntkllkitfwslniglflmavlsllpigvwqaiesidhgmwyarsselmqqpamitlkwlraigdsifgigfitmawfvfdltlknkk
>Corynebacterium_doosanense_CAU_212_=_DSM_45436  coded_by=630477..632975,organism=Corynebacterium doosanense CAU 212 = DSM 45436,definition=nitric oxide reductase
matvtsenrsrpvlnmssawvqgvalvmllgfcvmgflayrtydasmpqpkqivsestgetvltgeeitrgqalfqsrglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlslefaeentdaaalpedvtpeeavieefrtnryneetgvlewtdnqvaafeeiqgyyadyfghssgesglpsnfitdeqdihdltgffawtswaaaaerpnldysytnnwpseprvdnhptadivvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsqsmgwhasetpnldfnqpgevgltksqkviawfilvvaflfmiqallgaasnhyrveltgffgiplqellpynvtrtwhvqlsllwpaagllaaglflapfiskkepvrqhwlswallgalafvvfgsllfewlsvmgyveegtlfsqqweyldlprffqilltvgmflwifmiyrilrgrlktehksnmpwlfffsgltipgfyavgmlagsethlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayvfvllgvirekialgivfldiilysvggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltlltveawtfmqlgsrqragterpfphrwavlflvsvgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygflviglatfalrylmpsdkwsdklaawafwlqnigllwmvviallplgimqlyesvssgyvesrslgyltepgnaimewlrmpgdvlflagivpfiimayrgiryshlvptvdefptdplftvitpenadglvaidergalvrqedpnagrgdsastaprepdfdtrtkwdktyssdsrvkpgnsddgrrde
>Legionella_pneumophila  coded_by=55351..57693,organism=Legionella pneumophila,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpeiatsirqlqteisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=582286..584334,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqvgffiglvfwsalilrglwpglasikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrppgvlav
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5858  coded_by=2034557..2036605,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5858,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqvgffiglvfwsalilrglwpglasikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrppgvlav
>Rothia_dentocariosa  coded_by=complement(52738..55149),organism=Rothia dentocariosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
makkpvtreeiakvtrrtdavgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimailamrtyalsmplpdkiigndgkviataeqiqhgqelyqsrglqqygsvlghgayigpdftaeylrlttdaavkqyreegkqeprelvknewrkenkydessktlnwtagqtkgfdqmvnhyrdtltkdntsqglfpnaikseeelhdlvaffgwtawasaaerpnqdytytnnwpaeanvdnkptadlmvwsalslialvggtglmfaiygrwsrtigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaaglffitilvlfllqalvgaltehyrveltgffgidmgqlipytvsrtwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifiaplitrkepkkqglltvilfvavvfvvlgsllnewlsqkgwvpensifsqqweyldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlssrlktgkktsmpwlflfsglaipmfyavgmlagqrthfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysaggvvgtmhhtyfagtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfalrylipenkwpekgvkfsfwalnigliwmvfisllplgvaqlyhsvgqgyyearslayiqsdanlimdwlrlpgdviflagilpliklawlgitsyfapknketvlelpepplyemvddsriaefagakaadelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Rothia_dentocariosa  coded_by=complement(35615..38026),organism=Rothia dentocariosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
makkpvtreeiakvtrrtdavgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimailamrtyalsmplpdkiigndgkviataeqiqhgqelyqsrglqqygsvlghgayigpdftaeylrlttdaavkqyreegkqeprelvknewrkenkydessktlnwtagqtkgfdqmvnhyrdtltkdntsqglfpnaikseeelhdlvaffgwtawasaaerpnqdytytnnwpaeanvdnkptadlmvwsalslialvggtglmfaiygrwsrtigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaaglffitilvlfllqalvgaltehyrveltgffgidmgqlipytvsrtwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifiaplitrkepkkqglltvilfvavvfvvlgsllnewlsqkgwvpensifsqqweyldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlssrlktgkktsmpwlflfsglaipmfyavgmlagqrthfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysaggvvgtmhhtyfagtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfalrylipenkwpekgvkfsfwalnigliwmvfisllplgvaqlyhsvgqgyyearslayiqsdanlimdwlrlpgdviflagilpliklawlgitsyfapknketvlelpepplyemvddsriaefagakaadelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Gallionella_capsiferriformans_ES-2  coded_by=812045..813490,organism=Gallionella capsiferriformans ES-2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mamlgmldsanlnggqklavkyfivaivlfgaqvlfgllsglqylypdflygvldfsvnrmvhinalvvwllygflgsvywlleeesqhevvglklgnliywvltaavtvvvlvylfvqigpgkestiwlinegreyieaprwadigivvsvlvvfynvaatfskgrytgiagvlvldmlalfgiylagmfyttnisidqywwwwvihlwveatwevmvacimayglmkvlgvsrkivetwlyievalmfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywfsiggffsalepiplvamvvhavfdagarhaknsnhpamawliahafgnffgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwsashghlaffgayatiiiamfylgiqrwlggvwmsgdlagngwrwkwalfllnlgmvgmtvsmlvsgyvqsqieraiegstwigyfaaqihpwfvqgmwwrevfgvmflagfillvwdlltigrgesrkmieasnas
>Sulfuricurvum_kujiense_DSM_16994  coded_by=40467..41849,organism=Sulfuricurvum kujiense DSM 16994,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyssqmvakpyfifalillageivfglsmgvqylygdflfpaipfnvlrmvhtnllivlllfgfmgatyylipeeserelwspmlakitfwvfaaagvatilgyllvpyatlaeltynnllptmgrefleqptitkigivlvvlsyilnvtmtvikgrkttisvilltglfglaffflfafyvpenlvmdkffwwfvvhlwveatwelilgallafvlikttgvdrehidkwlyliiamtlisglagtghhfffigtpgywlwigsiasaaepipfflmilfaynmaknrriqhdnkialtwakgtavvgflgagvwgflhtlapinyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmicftlisyampilrgrlhgngpkaqsveltsfwmmvigmigltlaltaagimqiemqrlrdvadaldfmsaqeaistvygvrlafgvmvllglltyfysffvkeekvna
>Oceanithermus_profundus_DSM_14977  coded_by=complement(2175687..2177120),organism=Oceanithermus profundus DSM 14977,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mstfahrqpgelyesqklaiwyfvvaialfgaqiifglilayqyidpnflyqklsfmtnrtvhlnamivwllvgmmggvywflpietgrevvgiklakfiwwvivagvtvvvlvylivqigpgtaftlwfinegreyieaprwadfaivawvavflfnvvattlaarritgllgvlifdlvalgalytagmhytvnvtmdqylwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgvvmgwslmyllgtprklietwlflevalvfgtgilglghhyfwigtpeywiglggffsaleplplvamvvhavydagahrlhtinkpammwavtqafgnfigagvwgfmqtlpqvnmyshgtqlaaahghfaffgayvgtvmtlvyiavqnigkrvqiplnsklwpwawgllvfgiigivasftisgfaqtmieraelgstwnafiksythpwytnthwwrfwmgmlfllgyvllvwdlltigrkrtantaegahd
>Haloarcula_hispanica_ATCC_33960  coded_by=2642305..2644587,organism=Haloarcula hispanica ATCC 33960,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlvvmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgedirdgkkafqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteydslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyaheqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsvslpepsagdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqilpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyinvllgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwlfgnegleylevgkvwqvgllvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlrrseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Haloarcula_hispanica_N601  coded_by=2653738..2656020,organism=Haloarcula hispanica N601,definition=cytochrome B
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlvvmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgedirdgkkafqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteydslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyaheqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsvslpepsagdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqilpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyinvllgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwlfgnegleylevgkvwqvgllvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlrrseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Haloarcula_sp._CBA1115  coded_by=1256702..1258984,organism=Haloarcula sp. CBA1115,definition=cytochrome B
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlvvmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgedirdgkkafqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteydslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyaheqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsvslpepsagdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqilpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyinvllgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwlfgnegleylevgkvwqvgllvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlrrseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Propionibacterium_acnes_TypeIA2_P.acn33  coded_by=complement(2087191..2089524),organism=Propionibacterium acnes TypeIA2 P.acn33,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaeaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Mycobacterium_sp._H4Y  coded_by=complement(1105978..1108221),organism=Mycobacterium sp. H4Y,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
malvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllprmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgdvgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtaicnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Pseudomonas_lini  coded_by=4339..5766,organism=Pseudomonas lini,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimgvqyvvgdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtyeiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqadgialpfmatvehlqvlfwarlgaglgffaglacylfsfkqrsraalrapaavvps
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root157  coded_by=104903..106591,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root157,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mfrieyqtqrlslrffmvmlvlfffqtalglllsaqhldpmllagtlnfnvirtqhlnlaifwilcgfigtilfvgpllskrelaapwlikflfyallavvawnlatqilaqqgvagwwmgqpmlqegleyleagriadmvifvgfailcyvvlrtfppisqwneihwglglgvvaltlvwvfgmffverldlqeyfrwyvvhywvegvwevihialvgfllvllfkadvksvgyavfwgislvwlsglignahhyfwigtpefwqfwgslfsaleplplifcfwhiyldahqdgkpipnmpafafllgsvvleqvgagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtashahlalfgtfgmlglaaayyavpvmrgvtnfdqrpgklafwlvftgmlglgfafaiggtiqvfvyrtlgldwfggdvgpamlftkamvplfglifaagvclivydlitlglrqpsaatvateapapsgwgrrltgwetgiwllamwifgaiitlgllsfnlntvqegsalipyvmggvgypglllvtlffvrrflrslearnkvslgttiapsplpaeaa
>Mycobacterium_sp._H4Y  coded_by=268118..270448,organism=Mycobacterium sp. H4Y,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mateesaaqtssaqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpvtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayallgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepgagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_chimaera  coded_by=13609..15939,organism=Mycobacterium chimaera,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mateesaaqtssaqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpvtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayallgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepgagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_chimaera  coded_by=13632..15962,organism=Mycobacterium chimaera,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mateesaaqtssaqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpvtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayallgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepgagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_chimaera  coded_by=13577..15907,organism=Mycobacterium chimaera,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mateesaaqtssaqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpvtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayallgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepgagaavpakd
>Acetobacter_pomorum_DM001  coded_by=complement(1..2325),organism=Acetobacter pomorum DM001,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
msktalvnradrdpvstvlkwvllvvgfatamllfwttlrtyqgvppqpqrfvsrsgdvimtaddiiagkggfqkadlmdygslygmgsyygedytasllknialstrenyahdvgertfshlspekqtvatthmredlrgidltqdtvvlpdavshafvkirdetaasflrtdrssgwnatqaltpalalktadflmysalttvahrpgktyswtqnwpyeplvgntptgatfiwtwasfgfvflafgvvlfiyeywlddadtslrecilvparpltssqrkiwkyfllvsaliliqilvgsimahmyydrssfygfdvnryipfsfmrdvhiqapivwiglswigaalflspviaggeeargqgwlvdalfwvtafvvvgglvgdylgimgaidtnwfwfgnqglsyiqlgrfwqigffaglivwsalvmralwptvpgwidaardfwtgrirlehliwastvniallyvcgmvpltgieksftladfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaatmtawtlmatglvsrklaergmyfevilvflggvigtghhlywagepsiwipfgtmfsfievlplvllimegihhyrlinahgdfqyrvgymyiigaafwnfvgagvygggilnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahaslfgafgelaigliyfclryihagektfserpgilafwlynaglilwtvlnffpvgwsqllavyehgyayarsaafydttlfwqwmrlpgdvvfaggalvmsgdfiiklyplyplwtqrlfrsvsldtkkd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM2657  coded_by=complement(82105..84360),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM2657,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_sp._CFII68  coded_by=complement(114864..116291),organism=Pseudomonas sp. CFII68,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrhhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmtdgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Nitrosomonas_europaea_ATCC_19718  coded_by=2164358..2165704,organism=Nitrosomonas europaea ATCC 19718,definition=Cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mkystqklaypyfiaalllfmvqvlagvlagsvyampnflseslpfhiirmihtnallvwlllgyfgaayflipeeserdihspkvawlqlfifvfaalaavvsylagvhegrefleqplwikillvvafllflynvsmtvlkgrktvvttilllgmwgaalmflfafynpgnlaldkmywwyvvhiwvegvwelimasmlafllikmtgvdreviekwlyvivglalfsgllgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsvlevlpffamvlwcfhmvyrsgrnhpnkaamlwslgcpvmaffgagvwgllhsfsqvnfyshgtqitaahghmafygayvmlnlafftyalpqlrnaqpynqilnmwsfwvmtaamafmtftltfagvlqthlqrvvgmgfmeiqqqldlfywmrllagvaflvgalmylyatlgpttkqvssspnmqpaar
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1328  coded_by=578397..580715,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1328,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Labrenzia_sp._C1B10  coded_by=232463..233833,organism=Labrenzia sp. C1B10,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfavqvlggllagyiyvapnflsellpfnivrmlhtnslivwlllgfmgsayflipeeaereihstklaylqliilvvgtlgvvltyvfnlfegnwllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaaliflfnitmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlsldkqywwnvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmlkltgvdreviekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiityampllrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmsfmtfvltfagtvqthlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlavfywmrfgagaafvlgailfiyavavprreviqpgeaagapae
>Labrenzia_sp._C1B70  coded_by=232463..233833,organism=Labrenzia sp. C1B70,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfavqvlggllagyiyvapnflsellpfnivrmlhtnslivwlllgfmgsayflipeeaereihstklaylqliilvvgtlgvvltyvfnlfegnwllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaaliflfnitmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlsldkqywwnvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmlkltgvdreviekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiityampllrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmsfmtfvltfagtvqthlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlavfywmrfgagaafvlgailfiyavavprreviqpgeaagapae
>Moraxella_catarrhalis  coded_by=198573..200849,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_O35E  coded_by=110232..112508,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis O35E,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BC8  coded_by=complement(36562..38838),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BC8,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_46P47B1  coded_by=85257..87533,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 46P47B1,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_O35E  coded_by=303..2579,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis O35E,definition=NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_RH4  coded_by=114991..117267,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis RH4,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BBH18  coded_by=145849..148125,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BBH18,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis  coded_by=complement(1891623..1893899),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2807829..2810117,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=putative membrane protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(1779048..1781336),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_HBPUB10134a  coded_by=complement(2453472..2455760),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei HBPUB10134a,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(1671462..1673750),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26986..29274),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21527..23815,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27003..29291),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=80102..82390,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26983..29271),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21724..24012,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=235118..237406,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26998..29286),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26995..29283),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21746..24034,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26990..29278),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21733..24021,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(355343..357631),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21730..24018,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26992..29280),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26983..29271),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=150733..153021,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=151419..153707,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21724..24012,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26992..29280),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=22812..25100,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26982..29270),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79288..81576,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21720..24008,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26997..29285),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26972..29260),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27000..29288),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21558..23846,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(117277..119565),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27001..29289),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21591..23879,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21502..23790,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21620..23908,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27000..29288),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21687..23975,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21730..24018,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26997..29285),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79288..81576,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21503..23791,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21739..24027,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21705..23993,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21726..24014,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=155290..157578,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21650..23938,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79281..81569,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27001..29289),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(117244..119532),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21742..24030,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(117261..119549),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79281..81569,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26995..29283),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26998..29286),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26986..29274),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79288..81576,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26993..29281),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27664..29952),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79288..81576,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79855..82143,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21554..23842,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26998..29286),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27001..29289),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21734..24022,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21719..24007,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_406e  coded_by=complement(620265..622553),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 406e,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27023..29311),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21619..23907,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21732..24020,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79257..81545,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21716..24004,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pasteur_52237  coded_by=3659371..3661659,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pasteur 52237,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21713..24001,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26989..29277),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26983..29271),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(26984..29272),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27006..29294),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Marinobacter_sp._JG233  coded_by=complement(2474135..2475550),organism=Marinobacter sp. JG233,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mmkytsqqvakpyfifalvlfaaqiafgllmgiqyingdigfpaipfnvarmvhvnlliiwilfgfmgasyylvpeesetelfsprlaritfwifavasvvtvlgyllvpyaelaritknhlwptmgrefleqptitkigivivclsfvfnigmtilkgrktvinmvlitglvglavfylfsfynpanlaldkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelilgailafvlikvtgvdreyiekwlyliiamalisgligmghhyfwigapeywlwmgsvfsalepvpffmmvlfafkvvkerrrshhnqvavtwalgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayamivmciisyampilrgrpqgnplaaqrvekfgfwamcismigitlaltaagawqvamqripesgealsfmatqgelmgvywvrlgfgvifalglvayfasffvgretvraeagaampqts
>Legionella_pneumophila_subsp._pneumophila  coded_by=2599742..2602084,organism=Legionella pneumophila subsp. pneumophila,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyrlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqdslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqteisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfvrnrrfiaghpkatdpsl
>Janthinobacterium_sp._CG23_2  coded_by=623807..626083,organism=Janthinobacterium sp. CG23_2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mhasrklwtwlavicvlsfavlgwvgteiylsappiphqvasrdgevlfadgevqrgqqawlsaggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhrealalrdiyaskqfakpfadldveqqaalnerlkremrantwdartgivnlsperaqavrevaahysalfgndpkldalreqyamsagslvtpedlralpafifwsswsaatdrpgetaisytsnwpheplvgngptagagiwsiasvilmigaiaamifyhgrahegedpvppkadplfdlkptasmratrkyfyvvialvlaqvgmgvitahyavegqsffgiplgqilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgrepkyqalgvnvlfyallfivagstisgwlgtlqhlgndfsfwignqgleftsmgrvwqillfigllfwvlllgrglmpalrtpsesrgliamvflaalciggfyatsltwgphthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliaastansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigamfsalevvplamigveawrnyqrskaaawvqaykwpilcfiavgfwnvvgagllgfsintpialyymqgmnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglsdraawsdkllapmfwclniglammvfislvpagiyqawasvtrgtwfarspevvhshlmetlvwlrvpgdvvfavgcvflalfafklatgargsnyivgsvapaks
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_NCIMB_11764  coded_by=complement(4742099..4743526),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 11764,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrlhpnraatlwakgtvvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtfeiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqvdgvalpfmatvehlqvlfwarfgaglgflagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Thermus_thermophilus_SG0.5JP17-16  coded_by=complement(255085..256515),organism=Thermus thermophilus SG0.5JP17-16,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mtqalpqgklyesqklalwyfwvalalfgaqvlfgllaawqyldpgflygklnfmtnrmlhvnamivwlllgfmggvywflpmelgrevvgirlakaafftlvgavavvvlvyllvqygpgnaftlwfitegreyieaprwadigivavmaiflynvvatalkaqritgvvavlmfdlvalaglytagmhytpnismdqyfwwwvvhlwveatwevltgaimamalmhllgtprrivetwlylevalvfgtgilglghhyfwigtpeywlglggffsalepiplvamvvhavydagvhrmqtvnqpalfwaiaqafgnfigagvwgfmqtlpqinlyshgtqlapahghlaffgayvtailtviymalhqvrrpdlprfdsrlwkwafvlmvvgifgmsaamtvagftqtmveraiggstwqayieaqthpwfqngmvwrfvfgvfffvsylvllwdlatigrgraaeakgvgahd
>Mycobacterium_tuberculosis_TKK-01-0051  coded_by=complement(108526..110856),organism=Mycobacterium tuberculosis TKK-01-0051,definition=hypothetical protein
mtaqetsaqqsssqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgqditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvagqlraqgvtdpresvvtefrtnrynpasktlvftdrqavafdhiqsqyaayfgenstkygllphmitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffavvsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliigmfvwiaiiwrgirgrlrgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipgfyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvippdkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvvpfvwialtallnfrsgttvdelpenplytqaptepepgaavpakd
>Labrenzia_aggregata  coded_by=complement(143819..145189),organism=Labrenzia aggregata,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfavqvlggllagyiyvapnflsellpfnivrmlhtnslivwlllgfmgsayflipeeaereihstklaylqliilvvgtlgvvltyvfnlfegnwllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaaliflfnitmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlsldkqywwnvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmlkltgvdreviekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiityampllrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmsfmtfvltfagtvqthlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlavfywmrfgagaafvlgailfiyavalprreviqpgeaagapae
>Pseudomonas_alcaligenes_NBRC_14159  coded_by=20214..22493,organism=Pseudomonas alcaligenes NBRC 14159,definition=hypothetical protein
mgeyrklwwaliavlgvtfcvlgwfgrevyrqappipaqvvsadgatlftaedildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldlaaqqaygkpyaevdedhqallrqqlkreyrgnqvqgerlvlserrinamaqtaayydalfgndpalqgsrksfamkentlpdatrreqltrfffwtawvaaterpgqeatysnnwpheplignqptaenlmwsiasvilliagigflvwawaflrdheedepvapaqdplslvaltpsqkalgkylllvvglfsfqvllggatahytvegqdfygfplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiasgfltaglflapiinggkdpklqklgvdvlfwalvvvvlgsfvgnylaiaqimpaewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagvafwlllmlrgilpafrqpgdknllallsasviaiglfygagfaygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvskrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgyeawenwrlksraawmervkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlqfneglmkvafwwlnaglvlmiatsllpigiiqfhasvsqglwyarseafmqqdllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalamawqvvigffspaprsvpqraqggarsvs
>Acidovorax_sp._JS42  coded_by=complement(100319..102625),organism=Acidovorax sp. JS42,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mgkyakhwytligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipgkvlvqgsdkplytkdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaaqkdygkafadldvgqkavlrdrlkteyrantydkaadtvtitplraqaiagtaayydklfsddpslhqsrehfamkentlpgaerraqmagfffwtawvaaterpadagghgatysnnwpheplvgnqptgenmvwsivsvvvmmagvsflvwgwaflrkhdeqdpvppqhdplsrvaltpsqhalgkylflvvalfcaqvflggftahytvegqtfygidvsrwfpyalvrtwhlqaalfwiatgflamglflapvinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvcvgsfignyfaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyldlgrlwqigkfaglafwlvlmaraifpallapngqdknllalltcsvvciglfygsglfygerthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalaflfstlglvsyrmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhmyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwsmqhkaewmkrlrwpimcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmvntpislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfillvlryvrpqmvfnerlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpiglfqfhasvtegmwyargeeflqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdlvfitgalcvtwqvvsgvlfaprapaapstgalaganr
>Geobacillus_sp._G11MC16  coded_by=complement(496276..498639),organism=Geobacillus sp. G11MC16,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mevnrtvrpniqtgrkttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgevlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkvytegmqdykakerynkpfadltddeksiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpkanrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfyryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwiydilpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdgganfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvvitllpvgilqmkeafihgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvravpdtifligvvallvfaikalfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Geobacillus_sp._PA-3  coded_by=159624..161987,organism=Geobacillus sp. PA-3,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevnrtvrpniqtgrkttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgevlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkvytegmqdykakerynkpfadltddeksiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpkanrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfyryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwiydilpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdgganfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvvitllpvgilqmkeafihgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvravpdtifligvvallvfaikalfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._avium_2285_(S)  coded_by=3927128..3929455,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. avium 2285 (S),definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._avium_2285_(R)  coded_by=3911456..3913783,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. avium 2285 (R),definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_avium_MAV_120709_2344  coded_by=33194..35521,organism=Mycobacterium avium MAV_120709_2344,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._avium  coded_by=3961569..3963896,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. avium,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_tuberculosis_XTB13-223  coded_by=complement(119151..121478),organism=Mycobacterium tuberculosis XTB13-223,definition=hypothetical protein
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Porphyromonas_catoniae_ATCC_51270  coded_by=100536..102782,organism=Porphyromonas catoniae ATCC 51270,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtpkklwyalatvillsfgvlgffgveifrtmppfpkqvvttegevlfegqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvimlrklaeqdgldystlpeeekakyqvllrqelrkntydpttgiitysplraeaarevgehyaklflgddapeyvklrsdyalrgksledpakmakmnaffawtswvcvasrpgsdvsytnnwphdpvignvaptslhlwsgfsvlmlltavgilvyyyaqskedeegplptedplrgmkptasmratikyiwivsalmlvqmvlgaitahygvegdalfslpiqdflpqavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgtepkyqalgvnvlfgalifvvvgslvgqwmgvmqklglienfwlghqgyeyvelgriwqilllvglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdenrhlltlfiiaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfcrlgllriksattsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligmeayhnyklskatkwiedykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyylqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfclrglypdykwndkligtafwminiglflmvtisvlpigilqahesitnaywsarsaeflqqdfmqvirwmrmpgdlllgtgelllvififglhfgwsrkakr
>Shewanella_sp._W3-18-1  coded_by=complement(987290..989575),organism=Shewanella sp. W3-18-1,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mskqkltvialllvliasftvllsigseiyrekppiptaftdasghtvfsgqdieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhkeaeawlnirameqyqhpfeqltnpakagleqalrddlrrntveqhadgtsiirlsttrveainkvsqhylslfgsdpelknlreqyamkegtvpdlarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdasytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggliwhhasgkheslpkpaeqdplflakptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkyqrlgvnvlwvalviivvgsmagewmgvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqillliglliwlalvtaamkpalkvqsemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhsnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsansavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkashwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagilgflinppialyyiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgkmqwnekmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywyarspevihsplverlvwmrmfgdvifsvggllmgaflfdlikkalnktpqvqhellepnr
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus_ATCC_12980  coded_by=complement(5436..7799),organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus ATCC 12980,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgikrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus  coded_by=complement(377..2740),organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgikrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus  coded_by=1356..3719,organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgikrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Geobacillus_sp._LC300  coded_by=2646202..2648565,organism=Geobacillus sp. LC300,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgvsvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeaytegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgirwiydalpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Thermus_thermophilus  coded_by=3281..4711,organism=Thermus thermophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit
mtqalpqgklyesqklalwyfwvalalfgaqvlfgllaawqyldpgflygklnfmtnrmlhvnamivwlllgfmggvywflpmelgrevvgirlakaafftlvgavavvvlvyllvqygpgnaftlwfitegreyieaprwadigivavmaiflynvvatalkaqritgvvavlmfdlvalaglytagmhytpnismdqyfwwwvvhlwveatwevltgaimamalmhllgtprrivetwlylevalvfgtgilglghhyfwigtpeywlglggffsalepiplvamvvhavydagvhrmqtvnqpalfwaiaqafgnfigagvwgfmqtlpqinlyshgtqlapahghlaffgayvtailtviymalhqvrrpdlprfdsrlwkwafvlmvvgifgmsaamtvagftqtmveraiggstwqayieaqqhpwfqngmvwrfvfgvfffvsylvllwdlatigkgearavkevgahd
>Staphylococcus_aureus_MUM270  coded_by=7182..9161,organism=Staphylococcus aureus MUM270,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiallcf
>Pseudomonas_veronii  coded_by=complement(13960..15381),organism=Pseudomonas veronii,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrsanpylkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaillfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaalaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvmfaftmvkrrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqltaahghlaffgayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeapdarsqtieiwgfwlmvlsmvmitllltaagvvqvwlqrwpadgvalpfmatvehltvlfwarlasgvvfllgllcylysfrqrqavagapapivy
>Pusillimonas_sp._T7-7  coded_by=2332044..2334323,organism=Pusillimonas sp. T7-7,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB/NorZ-like protein
mgeyrklwwtlitiliitftilgfsgveiyknappipdqivtpsqkvlmtqqdildgqtawqstggmqvgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelnawldlaakekygkasyselevdkqaalqyalqneyrkntydantgvatvserraqaieqtasyyhrlygndpelrptrdnfammentlpdagrrddltkfffwtawvasterpgtvatytnnwppeplignhpttenvlwslacviiliagvgllvfgwaflrrhepeptapendpitlskltpsqkavgkyllvvmalflaqvflggltahytiegqhfygidisqvlpyslartwhlqlaifwiataflsvglflapivnggkdpkhqrlgvnvlfcalivvvagsligtflaihqimpaelnfwlghqgyeyldlgrlwqialfvgilfwlglmmrafvpalksggdknlvallgtstiaiglfygaglfygerthitimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfattalayvfssmglvskrmataaslaaaslfmvggvpgtfhhiyfsgtttsimaigaafsalevvplillgyeawehwsykkrapwmnsvkwpllcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmintpialfylqglnttavhshaalfgvygflsigfvllilryirpqmqfsdslmrtgfwwlnaglvlmiftsllpvglfqfeasvgtgmwyargdeflqqdfletlrwirtigdvvfivgalaiawqvvigvlqitkhtteddnsvkaaa
>Nitrosomonas_eutropha_C91  coded_by=complement(540834..542180),organism=Nitrosomonas eutropha C91,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkystqklaypyfiaalalflvqvlagvlagsvytlpnllaeslpfhiirmihtnalliwlllgyfgaayflipeeserdihspkiawlqlfifvfaalaavvsylmgihegrefleqplwvkvllvvafllflynvsmtvlkgrktvvstvlllgmwgaallflfafynpdnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegiwelimasmlafllikmtgvdreviekwlyvivglalfsgllgtghhyywigtpgywqwigslfsilevlpffamvlwcfhmvyrsgrnhpnkaamlwtlgcpvmaffgagvwglmhsfsfinfyshgtqitaahghmafygayvmlnlafftyalpqlrsvqpynqvlnmwgfwvmtasmafmtftltfagvlqthlqrvvgmgfmeiqqqldlfywmrllsgivfvagailyiyaalgptknqvssspnlqpthk
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1923S  coded_by=7316..>8650,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1923S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairn
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG20  coded_by=complement(<1..2232),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG20,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatk
>Halococcus_salifodinae_DSM_8989  coded_by=complement(21185..23626),organism=Halococcus salifodinae DSM 8989,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mpifaqyeannddsrgtaslflnalktalnqyepdsdefrrvgsivstaiertldhyesdntdqnsgsralgalfianlvamglgawvsrrnappipeqiedsdgeplvtgeqiragkkafqatglmnqgsilgngayfgtdltadalelkatwmrhyyarergassfenldddgqisvrarveteldeasgptaqyspaevdahrhirqqyvdryyegdaargipsrfvdtktqarriadfalwtawiahadrpganhsytndwpyvpaagnrptsqsllwssvsvillvagggiavwahqtldlaepatekidvprpddlsitpsqrataryipvagilfsvqtllgallahyhvertgffgifeaidvdivslvpftaartwhlnlailwittlwlagglflpglltdheprfqaqgitallgaivvatvgafvgvwlgiqgvfdplsesdlwwwignegleylevgrlwkllllvgfvgwtglvvrgvapllqresrsgighllvyaggsiallfgasmlyrpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffmvavvslalvsmnlleevdaerairfevfaimgagvigvshhywwiglpdlwvpigttfstlefipivfvlyralgeyrsfaaqgrefpysvpflfivgatvwnfvgagvlgfflnlpvlnyyehgtfltlahshaatfgafgllalglgvyilrvvtpeavwnptwfrrsfwlanaglaimvfasllpvgflqlktvyeegfaaardvefydrplvqklswarlpgdtliiasaitftiasirhlfaegdsvrsrpnpt
>Neisseria_meningitidis_77221  coded_by=complement(23631..25886),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 77221,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(6607..8862),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_LNP27256  coded_by=3214..5469,organism=Neisseria meningitidis LNP27256,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Janthinobacterium_lividum  coded_by=516423..518696,organism=Janthinobacterium lividum,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mgpykklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrqappipsqvlaqdgrqlfdregildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqeqhgkayaeldgpaqaalrealrleyrgnrtddaqvlrlsprrvqaiantahyydqlfsdapalqksrehfamkentlpsaerraqmtqfffwtawaaaterpgqkvtytnnwpheplignqpsgenlvwsvasvvvllagvgflvwgwaflrdhdealpaagprdplttfaltpsqrglgkylflvvalfifqvfiggftahytvegqqfygidvsrwfpyaltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkwqrlgvdvlfwalvavvvgsfignylaiaqvmppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkyigillwlvlmlrgvvpalrkpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmaigasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlkerapwmenlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppvalyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlrylrpdyrfspalmktafwglnvglvlmiftsllpigiiqfhasvteglwyarseafmqqpllqnlrwirtfgdvvfiggaiamalqvvlglmgkakapalpqavrpa
>Elizabethkingia_meningoseptica_ATCC_13253_=_NBRC_12535  coded_by=complement(639..2882),organism=Elizabethkingia meningoseptica ATCC 13253 = NBRC 12535,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mtpkklwswlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipdkvtttdgqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreatllldelakkdgkiyhnlpdeeqakyktllqkelrtntfdeasntivispeqakvqrelavyyeklfmgdpsmaklrdayaipantikdigrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdevtytnnwphdelvgntppsslhmwsgfsvlmllaclgilvlyharnkdeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglilwlilmlralmpalkrkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmkyatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfvlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdmmhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Paracoccus_denitrificans_PD1222  coded_by=786..2174,organism=Paracoccus denitrificans PD1222,definition=nitric oxide reductase, large subunit
mryhsqriayayflvamvlfavqvtiglimgwiyvspnflsellpfniarmlhtnslvvwlllgffgatyyilpeeaereihspllawiqlgifvlgtagvvvtylfdlfhghwllgkegrefleqpkwvklgiavaavifmynvsmtalkgrrtavtnvllmglwglvllwlfafynpanlvldkqywwwvihlwvegvwelimaailaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpaywqwigsifssfeivpffammsfafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaalvwslgctvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclvlalvtycmplmknrdpynqvlnmasfwlmssgmvfmtvtltfagtvqthlqrveggffmdvqdglalfywmrfgsgvavvlgallfiyavlfprrevvkagpvqahkdghleaae
>Paracoccus_denitrificans  coded_by=3757..5145,organism=Paracoccus denitrificans,definition=NorB
mryhsqriayayflvamvlfavqvtiglimgwiyvspnflsellpfniarmlhtnslvvwlllgffgatyyilpeeaereihspllawiqlgifvlgtagvvvtylfdlfhghwllgkegrefleqpkwvklgiavaavifmynvsmtalkgrrtavtnvllmglwglvllwlfafynpanlvldkqywwwvihlwvegvwelimaailaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpaywqwigsifssfeivpffammsfafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaalvwslgctvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclvlalvtycmplmknrdpynqvlnmasfwlmssgmvfmtvtltfagtvqthlqrveggffmdvqdglalfywmrfgsgvavvlgallfiyavlfprrevvkagpvqahkdghleaae
>Paracoccus_denitrificans_PD1222  coded_by=complement(2498986..2500374),organism=Paracoccus denitrificans PD1222,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mryhsqriayayflvamvlfavqvtiglimgwiyvspnflsellpfniarmlhtnslvvwlllgffgatyyilpeeaereihspllawiqlgifvlgtagvvvtylfdlfhghwllgkegrefleqpkwvklgiavaavifmynvsmtalkgrrtavtnvllmglwglvllwlfafynpanlvldkqywwwvihlwvegvwelimaailaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpaywqwigsifssfeivpffammsfafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaalvwslgctvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclvlalvtycmplmknrdpynqvlnmasfwlmssgmvfmtvtltfagtvqthlqrveggffmdvqdglalfywmrfgsgvavvlgallfiyavlfprrevvkagpvqahkdghleaae
>Streptomyces_fradiae  coded_by=complement(11759..14221),organism=Streptomyces fradiae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
miargwvqaavlvtlggffvlgflairtyqagppvpdrtvtsagetvftgedvrrgqevflsnglmqygsiyghgaylgpdftadylhrsatlvrkahggagspdaaertvrdfrtnrydektgtlvwtdeqaaafgkltehyadllgrpegkqglrpnaitdpadihdvtayfgwsawtaaadrpgedysytnnwpseplvdneptghtvtwsvlslifllvgagalfaafgrwnflgwhgrdqrelrfhapdqvrltpsqratawfffvmaglflvqtllgsaaqhyradlesffgmpldqwlpynltrtwhvqlsifwvvtsflaigifiipliakgweprrqalltrtllgalvvvvvgsllgelagqrgwfddlwslfgnqgweyldlgrfwqtllvagltiwvvilyrglhrrlkresvanmpwlfllaalalpafyavgllatprsdfvvadfwrfivvhlwvedfmelfttatvaylfvllgvvrervalavifldivlygaggvigtmhhlyfsgepaehlalgatfsalevvpllfltveawsflklgaqrqsksgtpfphrwavmflaavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtgltanhahaammgvygmlavgfavfalrylipekhwsdrwprmafwslnlglawmsfatllpagalqlyevvesgyadarslgylqgdtnvflewlrlpgdvvfmaggvlpvlwmtwlgvrhragrtrhpdapetallftevlpdpadtadtadpadpadtadtaeqpdparvpaqagapgpepveraeaaegprdaagdtggrpapgpvap
>Sulfurimonas_sp._AST-10  coded_by=64069..65502,organism=Sulfurimonas sp. AST-10,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
masnhltgigseskqlatwyfafaaiifgaqllfglvaaiqyvmpgflfeildfsvarmlhinalvvwmvfamfgavywllpdetgietigikvgkllywvfvaaivivilvyifvqvgpadetsiwfihegreyieaprwadigivvvalgfvanlfmtgmtgkrsgivtvlmadmiafaglyltgmfftdnitvdqywwwwvihlwveatwevyvgalaayglitmigahrkvvemwlwievamlfgsgilgmghhyfwigtpeywweigalfsaleplplvamfihvlydwgktqggqdatgqklsvinnkpaftwfvlnafgnflgagiwgffhtlpqvnlythgtqftsahghlaffgayatiligmmyiavqgtngikvmkstkssiwavsmiaggvmgmtvaltvagyvqvlvsraqmgatwagyfdgqsglwfaqamdwrlimgvvtftgflflakdllsigksqiher
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_14405_=_CCUG_16156  coded_by=468..1892,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 14405 = CCUG 16156,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mssfnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeesdcelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaalaemtrndllptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfafynpenlsrdkfywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwvgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismiaitlfltaagvvqiwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrfiagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvvaapaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=27350..28774,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=catalytic subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mssfnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeesdcelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaalaemtrndllptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfafynpenlsrdkfywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwvgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismiaitlfltaagvvqiwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrfiagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvvaapaaa
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-105ASC  coded_by=complement(166138..167562),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-105ASC,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mssfnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeesdcelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaalaemtrndllptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfafynpenlsrdkfywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwvgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismiaitlfltaagvvqiwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrfiagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvvaapaaa
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_C54  coded_by=7067..9352,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans C54,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=136450..138735,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=7689..9974,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=complement(8892..11177),organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=151472..153757,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=complement(8830..11115),organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=complement(8859..11144),organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(16699..18984),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=complement(8883..11168),organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(251249..253534),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=complement(7909..10194),organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(16497..18782),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=complement(7907..10192),organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(58402..60687),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=136787..139072,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_NBRC_15126_=_ATCC_27061  coded_by=2391274..2393559,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans NBRC 15126 = ATCC 27061,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=2385600..2387885,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=complement(100840..103164),organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqvtrkqlatflatifvvnlivmgggawlsyanspdipdtivgpdsetvatsedvqdgkavfqenglmnqgsilgrgsyydtdytadtldskaeymrdyyaqerhdenysalnasvqagideqvrqelqdseygsqvqysaaevyahqqvredyveryhegdrergipagqiesaeeaeefadfalwtawishterpdssasftndwpyspaagndaggpimtwsviamvllvggagaaiwlyqsvdlpepeadgasiphpseieltpsqllstrfvligallfvaqtflggllahyyierdgffgiqeligvdilqwlpwsivrtwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreppkqalyvkglvgallvvavgglagiwlginnffdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqvgllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpktnivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffilvvialtlvsmnllskksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstiefipllfilyealgqyramdsagkdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpiisyyetgtyltvahahgamfgafgllamgmsvyilrvttraeswttrrlrwsfwlcnlglalmiflsllpvgflqlevgftqgyaasrslefyngeliqtlfwlrmpgdtmliagavlfawdvvakllfqrkatagessshviadrifgdsdpsdvvdpvsddd
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=complement(12721..15045),organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqvtrkqlatflatifvvnlivmgggawlsyanspdipdtivgpdsetvatsedvqdgkavfqenglmnqgsilgrgsyydtdytadtldskaeymrdyyaqerhdenysalnasvqagideqvrqelqdseygsqvqysaaevyahqqvredyveryhegdrergipagqiesaeeaeefadfalwtawishterpdssasftndwpyspaagndaggpimtwsviamvllvggagaaiwlyqsvdlpepeadgasiphpseieltpsqllstrfvligallfvaqtflggllahyyierdgffgiqeligvdilqwlpwsivrtwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreppkqalyvkglvgallvvavgglagiwlginnffdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqvgllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpktnivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffilvvialtlvsmnllskksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstiefipllfilyealgqyramdsagkdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpiisyyetgtyltvahahgamfgafgllamgmsvyilrvttraeswttrrlrwsfwlcnlglalmiflsllpvgflqlevgftqgyaasrslefyngeliqtlfwlrmpgdtmliagavlfawdvvakllfqrkatagessshviadrifgdsdpsdvvdpvsddd
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=complement(3702601..3704925),organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqvtrkqlatflatifvvnlivmgggawlsyanspdipdtivgpdsetvatsedvqdgkavfqenglmnqgsilgrgsyydtdytadtldskaeymrdyyaqerhdenysalnasvqagideqvrqelqdseygsqvqysaaevyahqqvredyveryhegdrergipagqiesaeeaeefadfalwtawishterpdssasftndwpyspaagndaggpimtwsviamvllvggagaaiwlyqsvdlpepeadgasiphpseieltpsqllstrfvligallfvaqtflggllahyyierdgffgiqeligvdilqwlpwsivrtwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreppkqalyvkglvgallvvavgglagiwlginnffdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqvgllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpktnivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffilvvialtlvsmnllskksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstiefipllfilyealgqyramdsagkdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpiisyyetgtyltvahahgamfgafgllamgmsvyilrvttraeswttrrlrwsfwlcnlglalmiflsllpvgflqlevgftqgyaasrslefyngeliqtlfwlrmpgdtmliagavlfawdvvakllfqrkatagessshviadrifgdsdpsdvvdpvsddd
>Haloarcula_marismortui_ATCC_43049  coded_by=2021235..2023517,organism=Haloarcula marismortui ATCC 43049,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mklkrktiakviaaafvfnlivmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgedirdgkkafqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteyeslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyahqqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsvvamvllvaaagggiwlynavslpepsagdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyidillgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwvvgnegleylevgklwqvgllvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlraseddptvedmavaegvmgdd
>Wenzhouxiangella_marina  coded_by=complement(3065421..3067706),organism=Wenzhouxiangella marina,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnptrrlwwilgilfvvsfaalgfigteiyrqmppvpaevvsesgeilytrdqieqgrqvwqtmggqqvgsvwghgaylapdwsadwlhrealalldrwaeeshrqsfdsldgpaqaalqnrletemranrydavqdrlvvsddraaamalahahykalfsdgeshavlreqfaiandaipsevhrdllpafffwaawaatterpgsditytsnwpheplvgnspttgtamwsiasiilllagigaltwyyvathdaghlsqppkddpllgldptpsqravakyfytavalfmaqillgaitahyaveghefygfnlseilpyavtrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglylapaisgveprwqrlgvnvlfgallvvvvgsmtgewfavqqrlgldasfwighqgweyvdlgrvwqiglfaglliwlalmgralwpalrkpsehralitilflstiaiglfygagltwgkhthlsivtywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataavallftrlglvrarlatdavlfativflfggilgtlhhlyfagtptsviavgavfsalevvplvligfeayenyrlrkaapwvarykwpilffvavafwnlvgagllgflinppislyyvqglnttaahghsalfgvygllgiglmlfclrgmtrdrawndrllkqtfwllnaglfamvffsllpagiyqaywsvseglwlarspevihsawmramvwlrvpgdivfaaggvtlalfilrlwwgsrrmtrrstvlieerasag
>Acidovorax_delafieldii_2AN  coded_by=complement(9339..11624),organism=Acidovorax delafieldii 2AN,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgfygaevyrtappipekiataggevifthegildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawldlaaerehhkpfaaldaaaqavlrdrmkteyrtntydpatgtvtvstvradaiaqtalyydqlfsdapalhqsrehfamkentlpsaerraqmmgfffwtawaaaterpgsvatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeaeptppahdplarvpltpsqralakylflivalfsfqvmlggftahytvegqqfyglnlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpahqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimpqgwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiafwlvlmlrgivpalrkpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsyrmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrapwmanlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqglnttpmhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrptlvfnerlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpialfqfhasvseglwyarseafmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalsvswqvvsglfgarapvpaagahlagarg
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus_M21639  coded_by=complement(39907..42147),organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus M21639,definition=putative quinol dependent nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfadlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvendtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredeqdppipevdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilywalvvlvigsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkys
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(200069..202300),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(568465..570696),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=2152..4383,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=2164..4395,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=4467..6698,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=2170..4401,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(5991..8222),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(5980..8211),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(5993..8224),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(5985..8216),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(7470..9701),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(25580..27811),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=2183..4414,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(7470..9701),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=2170..4401,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(13880..16111),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=2178..4409,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=183489..185720,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(5975..8206),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Marinobacter_sp._HL-58  coded_by=91785..94067,organism=Marinobacter sp. HL-58,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit NorB
makyrrlwflligivgvtftllgyfgaevyreappipdrvvsangdllmteesildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreletwleiaaqeeygrdwhslsgqeqnalkydlkseyrdntyddatstlqlserrtaaiaetadyysrlfsdapelqstrsnyamkentlpsaerreqmtefffwtawaaaterpgsdvtytnnwpheplidnkpsaenvvwslisvvlliagvggliwawaflrkedeepeapardplssvgltpsqkalgkylvlvvglftfqvmlggftahytvegqsfygintsewfpyslmrtwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvavvggsfignffainqimpanlsfmlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgivfwlvlmlrgivpalrqpgdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthisimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifcsmglvsrtvatsaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlktrapwmenirwpliffvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfalmilryirprivfderlmkvgfwwlniglvlmlftsllpvgiiqfvasaseglwyarseafmqsdilqtlrwirtigdvvfivgalavswqvvkgvffpdlepvetapegivseqa
>Pseudomonas_bauzanensis  coded_by=complement(328782..330152),organism=Pseudomonas bauzanensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywlipdesrtelhsvklayiqlilwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphklvivvcmlifiynigmtirksgrftttegvlllgivssavlfvpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvpyywlpiggffsaleplaivgmamyaygamrraglshpnvlalhwtlgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamitlamisyalpslthgrpekgssigywsfwlqlggmfgmtisfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliicgsifatgvglfifdffryrprfevtepevrdnevavgrva
>Mycobacterium_kansasii_662  coded_by=complement(650420..652078),organism=Mycobacterium kansasii 662,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
milwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaevsnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipqggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfyavgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgstveelpehplytevraeptsgvkspard
>Jannaschia_aquimarina  coded_by=complement(7938..9308),organism=Jannaschia aquimarina,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mryqtqriaywyflaalalfavqvlggltigyiyiqpnflaevfpfhivrmvhtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeesetevyssklaylqlvillvgtlgavigygfkvhggrefleqplwvrlgilvaaviflfnismtvlrgkktaitgvllmglwllsllwifafinpanlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaavlafillkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevvpfflmmsfafvmvwkgrrnhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlaffgayvamnlaiityampilrnrepynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtftltfagtiqthmqrvlgeyymvvqddlaifyvmrfgsgvavvlgallfiysqlvvrksevirpgranpapetsdpipge
>Alcaligenes_sp._HPC1271  coded_by=168497..170776,organism=Alcaligenes sp. HPC1271,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrsykklwwslvavtmvtfailgwtgvevyrqappmpvkvvtpdgreftsqeqihrgqsawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhrealawldlaaqqtyslnydqltssqqatlrqelqdeyrpnrideatgvlqiserrakaidttaqyyidlfgdapelkssresfamkdntlpelqrrqdmtrfffwlswatvterpgttvsytnnwpheplvdnhpstanivwsivsivlllagigllvwiwafthkeeeapvapatdpvlafrltpsqralkkyafltvalfviqvflggftahytvegqmfygidvsqwfpysltrtwhiqaallwiasgfltaglflvplinggedpkfqrlgvdvlfgalvvlfigsfagnflaiknilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqiikfiglafwlllmlrgmwpalrrdkgdnhllvlltistvaiglfygtglfygehtnitimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvamgfifltlglvskrsatiaglaaaslflvggvpgtlhhlyfsgtttpimaigasfsalevvplimlgyeafhnwkmqkqaswmsdlrwpvmffvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttplhahaalfgvygflslgfvllvvryispevryndrlmswgfwtlnlglvlmmfvsllpagiiqawasisegmwyarseefmqqpilqslrwwrtlgdvvfiagalivfqqvwvrisarrrtisansagaikts
>Alcaligenes_sp._EGD-AK7  coded_by=complement(145745..148024),organism=Alcaligenes sp. EGD-AK7,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrsykklwwslvavtmvtfailgwtgvevyrqappmpvkvvtpdgreftsqeqihrgqsawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhrealawldlaaqqtyslnydqltssqqatlrqelqdeyrpnrideatgvlqiserrakaidttaqyyidlfgdapelkssresfamkdntlpelqrrqdmtrfffwlswatvterpgttvsytnnwpheplvdnhpstanivwsivsivlllagigllvwiwafthkeeeapvapatdpvlafrltpsqralkkyafltvalfviqvflggftahytvegqmfygidvsqwfpysltrtwhiqaallwiasgfltaglflvplinggedpkfqrlgvdvlfgalvvlfigsfagnflaiknilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqiikfiglafwlllmlrgmwpalrrdkgdnhllvlltistvaiglfygtglfygehtnitimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvamgfifltlglvskrsatiaglaaaslflvggvpgtlhhlyfsgtttpimaigasfsalevvplimlgyeafhnwkmqkqaswmsdlrwpvmffvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttplhahaalfgvygflslgfvllvvryispevryndrlmswgfwtlnlglvlmmfvsllpagiiqawasisegmwyarseefmqqpilqslrwwrtlgdvvfiagalivfqqvwvrisarrrtisansagaikts
>Natrialba_taiwanensis_DSM_12281  coded_by=complement(207428..209743),organism=Natrialba taiwanensis DSM 12281,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqlsrrqlaaflatifvvnlvvmgggawlsyahepeipdtivgpdgdpvatsedvqsgkavfqenglmnqgsilgrgsyydtdytantlelktehmreyyaqdrhnesyaalsasvqagidrdvrdelqssrydaetveysaaeayahqqvrqeyvdryyegdrdrgvpegqiqskaaaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpdstvsftndwpyspaagndaggpvmtwsviamvilvggagaaiwlyqaveipepvtagvsipqpadieltpsqllstgfilfgaflfavqtflggllahyyverdgffglqevtgldilqwlpwsivrtwhvdlgilwittiwlgaglflaplltgreppkqalyvkgligallvvavggvagiwfgihnffgdrlwwllgnegleyleigrvwqfgllvgflgwtvlvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigvlfiagflytpttnivttefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffiivvialtlvsmnllskaaaekavvfqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefvpllfilyealgqyramdtagtdfpyrtafyfivassvwnflgagvigffinlplisyyqtgtyltvahahgamfgafgllamgmavyilrlttrdtgwtgrrlrwsfwlcnvglalmivlsllpigflqletsfthgyaagrslefyndgliqtlfwlrlpgdtllilgavlfawevaakllfrrkkategttdhgiadrivgghesadrasdd
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL202PA1  coded_by=complement(99778..102111),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL202PA1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_ATCC_11828  coded_by=complement(573702..576035),organism=Propionibacterium acnes ATCC 11828,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL050PA2  coded_by=12733..15066,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL050PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL110PA3  coded_by=complement(29297..31630),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL110PA3,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL110PA4  coded_by=12741..15074,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL110PA4,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL042PA3  coded_by=complement(324883..327216),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL042PA3,definition=putative membrane protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes  coded_by=complement(2194250..2196583),organism=Propionibacterium acnes,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_J139  coded_by=complement(343031..345364),organism=Propionibacterium acnes J139,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_F-6  coded_by=complement(1827389..1829731),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum F-6,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqprtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=144527..146815,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase NorZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24148..26436,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=228648..230936,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(63167..65455),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=complement(1771422..1773710),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=191973..193370,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpvnltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafyrayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-096BSC  coded_by=complement(64680..66050),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-096BSC,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllnilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstklayiqlvlwtlmgvtavigylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtikksgrftttegvlllglvssavlffpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevlekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpyywlpiggffsaleplaivgmamyaysamrrsglahpnslalhwtlgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpsltnkrpeqgttigywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlistasifatgvglfiydffsyrprfetldneltehvlpadrvv
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=1808993..1811263,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mntnhrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqiqrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqaihtqqqfgsaasltaaqqaavdvtvkeemrrntydaardsitvskeraraihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgalpdqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgqtdvsytsnwpheplvgntmtsdaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwlhgsgkheedakplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglilvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwignqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvallgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvallftrlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrmrgtpwlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpaywglniglammvfmsllptgiyqawasitkgmwyarspevvhsklmetlvwlrvpgdivfaggafilalyalrllrrppsrqaatapatatr
>Dechloromonas_aromatica_RCB  coded_by=3427713..3429089,organism=Dechloromonas aromatica RCB,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mqfksqavakpyfiaaiglfvgqilfglilglqyvlgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmggayymipeeaetelfspklallmfwiflvagaltivgylavpyatlaeltgnniletmgrefleqplptklgivvvalvflfnitmtvlkgkktaisivlllglwglavfflfsfynptnvvldkffwwwtvhlwvegvwelilgsflafvlikttgvdreviekwlyvivtltlisgiigtghhyfwigtpeywqwwgsifsalepipffgmtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqitaahghmafygayamvnlmmisyampilrgraansnksqvlemwsfwlmtvaivfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdaplpfmvaqekialfywmrewagvvfliglivyitsffvggsekeaa
>Gallibacterium_anatis_12656/12  coded_by=55600..57843,organism=Gallibacterium anatis 12656/12,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgkykklwimlftililtftllgyigvevyrqappvpsayvtqngevvmtkedilkgqtawqttggmelgsllghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlditskaafgkpyadldqptqaalqvalqdeyrhqsrlkdndtvvlsdvrlqaikqtaeyyarlysddpsmvktresfamkdntlptaearqyladfffwtawaastdrpnaeatytnnwpheplvnnvpttenimwslisivfliagigflvwgysflrnhnekeptppatdpllklnltpsqkalgkyvfltlalfivqvalggvlahytvegqkfygidisqlfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgfltaglflapvinggkdpkyqafgvnflflallivvagsyagnffalshqiptelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillfvgfvvwlwlmlrctrnafkqggdknllaifissivgvglfyapglfygehssvtvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatcalafifynlglvsyrsatvaslvagslfllggvpgtahhlyfsgtttpalaagavfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhatpwmqrlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpdfqfnekvmrtgfwamnlglvlmiaisllpiglfqvsasiseglwyarsegflqqdflqtlrwlrtigdiilifgavlfayqvtkltfsrrns
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root561  coded_by=284279..286561,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root561,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msttrklwlglaallvasfavllwvgkevhqqapplptavvtadgqtlytkgdmeegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhresmamlellsrdaglgpydtltaqqqaplkarvqeelrtntwdaasntitvsalrarameavaahymsllgndpathklregyamrentvaemehrrevtaffwwtswaaatqrpnepmsytqnwpyeplagntptstsflwsvfsilfmifgigllgwhharqvsheplpvvpardpltefkatpsmkatgkyfwtvlglflaqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrlgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglkynfwfghqgweytdigrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgralwpamnrnkegasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvrlgllrvttattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligmeaydtwkkqheapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnlvgagllgflvntpialyymqglnltathghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpdaewregwlkssfwllniglslmaaltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfaigallisvfvaalwlfpkrrtatatspravrnna
>Moritella_viscosa  coded_by=complement(625673..627943),organism=Moritella viscosa,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mtkqkfslialiivcvtsfsillslgseiyreappipekvvtstgeviftkediqngqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhrestlwldkaaieqfsvqfeqlasyqqaalesllredirsnrfdannnilvistrraevistlqhyysnsfgdnpdfqpiredyamkentistaenrqklsafffwgawaavterpgenytytnnwphdpvigntptsnnifwsilsmvlliaaigalawyhaslkehplpevptkdplfdvkatpsqkalvkyfatavglfllqillggitahyavegqtfygyplaeilpysltrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkyqklgvnilwvalvfvvlgsmagewlaiqqyfdldlsywvghqgqeyidlgriwqillfsglliwltlvtaaikpaltkdsemksviwvlyascvaiglfygvgflqgkhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialvfvrlgliraqsansavlfatvvfltggllgtlhhvyftgtptsvvawgamfsalevvplaligfeavetyrmrkatswmvrykwafmffvatafwnlvgagvlgflinppialyyiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgiglmltclrgltnqlsiwddkllkwcfwslnlgligmvfmsllpvgiiqfiasvehsywyarsseiihselvemfvwlrvpgdilfgmgglflaaffarliigeiknstkrapsvvs
>Marinobacter_sp._AK21  coded_by=complement(15979..17394),organism=Marinobacter sp. AK21,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryesqrvampyfifalilfagqivfglvlglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyylvpeeaqtelyspllawilfwvfavagtltilgyllvdyatladvtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkigiaivavgflfnilmtalkgrktvvnivlvtglvglaalwlfsfynpsnltldkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailayvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhffwigppeywlwlgsvfsaieplpffmmvlfafnminrrrrnhpnkaamlwamgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsntaqvlemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltgagilqvwlqripesgqalsfmatqdnislfywmrlvagcfflgglavyfssffikgqaspaeevrgpateda
>Limnochorda_pilosa  coded_by=2902784..2905150,organism=Limnochorda pilosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdrsrqgtklsegrestrsgfwkyglilalllsmsvlvfgglqsfdkaapvpeqvvapggqvlftadeiwagqalyqqnglmdlgsvlgngsyrgpdftaeslhqmvlgmraayarqqhglaydrldeaaqaaidaqvarelkanrydeatgtltltpgqvaalqdletywdriltegsdamgirpgliratttgdgegvvirttgeaiqvmsryffwtawasaasrpgeaysytnnwpyevgagnvvtwgsiwssalsvallvlltagvllvffrgrlsmdaaanpnppqpqqlpvtpsqrtvayfialvaglfltqtllggylahsfseptffgldlepllpfqvargwhlqlaifwiatawmaaglyiaplvsrsevrgqnllvkillgalvvvavgsllgewlgvqgrlgrlwwwlgfqgweylelgriwqvlliaglgiwlfllframrralaregdwgslthlllyaavlipafysfglfntptthvtlaeywrwfvihlwvegifevftvvvvavlftamglvtqrsalrasyfqlilvlptgvigtahhyyftgmpeiwlalgatfsalevipltllgieayeqyrlirklgkpfafrgsfyflmatafwnlfgagvlgflinlpvvnyfehgstlttahghaalagvygmlavalslfvlralstdrgwseravklsfwglnggllgvvlltlvpvglgqlgvavregfwaarnglfyqvpwvnallwlrmlpdtvfivagvvpflylalrvvrnrravtlaeaeslpdeqaeaagrta
>Legionella_pneumophila_subsp._pneumophila_ATCC_43290  coded_by=2490221..2492629,organism=Legionella pneumophila subsp. pneumophila ATCC 43290,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mflvkilfiinaelnhsakdslmhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnvlkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrlnlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgavlyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfysinvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdflfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidktwfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptweglknatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayvlmgtglvsrkaaertvffesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpeiwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiqhrqlikrqgmftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila_subsp._pneumophila_str._Philadelphia_1  coded_by=2528349..2530757,organism=Legionella pneumophila subsp. pneumophila str. Philadelphia 1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mflvkilfiinaelnhsakdslmhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnvlkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrlnlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgavlyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfysinvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdflfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidktwfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptweglknatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayvlmgtglvsrkaaertvffesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpeiwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiqhrqlikrqgmftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M01-240013  coded_by=2720..4975,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M01-240013,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Cupriavidus_sp._HMR-1  coded_by=5677..7956,organism=Cupriavidus sp. HMR-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpykklwflliavlavtfsllgyygaevyrqappvpakvvtsdgatlftgdeildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaardqygkdyaaldapaqaalraqlkseyrsnqfdpasqaltvsdrrakaiaktadyysrlfsdapelhksresfamkenplpsaerrarltnfffwtawaastdrpghtatytnnwpheplidnhptaenivwsiasvvillagvgllvwawaflrgkeeplpaapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfafqvliggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpytltrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfagnylaiaqkmppnlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiviwlvlmmrgiapalrarggdknllalltssvvaiglfygaglfygertslsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlkerapwmvnlrwplmfftavafwnmlgagvfgfminppitlyfvqglnatavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpnytlnprlmsiafwgmngglvlmiatsllpvgiiqfiasaseglwyarseafmqqpllqtlrwmrtfgdvvflvgalsfslqvvlglfgrqpsgkvaegvlvrq
>Pseudomonas_citronellolis  coded_by=complement(14534..16813),organism=Pseudomonas citronellolis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrklwwaliavlgvtfcilgwfgrevyrqappipaqvrsetgetlftgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldigaheqygkafgeldgdqqavllarlkreyrgnraedgvltlsarrveairhtadyyvalfgddpalqhsrksfamkegtlpdlarrqelthfffwtawaaaterpgsaatytnnwpheplignqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrgheeaepepplqdplslvaltpsqralgkylllvvglfgfqvllggatahytvegqdfygiplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkhqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfignylaiaqlmppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlllmlrgilpafgkpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglaygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifsnmglvsgraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvalyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlhfnerlmktafwclngglvlmlatsllpigiiqfhasasvglwyarseefmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdlvfivgalsmawqvvtgvlspsgkpvkvfaeggvqeqv
>Pseudomonas_citronellolis  coded_by=2825..5104,organism=Pseudomonas citronellolis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrklwwaliavlgvtfcilgwfgrevyrqappipaqvrsetgetlftgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldigaheqygkafgeldgdqqavllarlkreyrgnraedgvltlsarrveairhtadyyvalfgddpalqhsrksfamkegtlpdlarrqelthfffwtawaaaterpgsaatytnnwpheplignqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrgheeaepepplqdplslvaltpsqralgkylllvvglfgfqvllggatahytvegqdfygiplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkhqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfignylaiaqlmppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlllmlrgilpafgkpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglaygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifsnmglvsgraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvalyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlhfnerlmktafwclngglvlmlatsllpigiiqfhasasvglwyarseefmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdlvfivgalsmawqvvtgvlspsgkpvkvfaeggvqeqv
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_Q2-87  coded_by=2682115..2683542,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens Q2-87,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit NorB
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalvlfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtmlkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpsnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmtdgsalpfmatvdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_171_str._F0337  coded_by=complement(4904..7246),organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 171 str. F0337,definition=hypothetical protein
mssaattegavsrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpqkvvtesgetvfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkeqlaaqgvanpadatkemmrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayneavshyttmfgpeahshglkpdlitdpvqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwpaeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeeigltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgfdlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarrepkkqhvlvwilfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfaqqweyldlpfvfqvlltlalfvwvfiiwramrsrlrnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwpeklaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdtfaedalyeeikggrkvwrgeraelnd
>Intrasporangium_chromatireducens_Q5-1  coded_by=2531..4852,organism=Intrasporangium chromatireducens Q5-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmanqtmspqpgqtrqmlvsrgwvqgvalvmlfsffvmgfltfrtytasmpqpdkvvtqdgqtlftgaeitegqrlfqarglmqygsimghggylgqdftaeylrnaaeftkkhytdagaqdpqgrtvtewrtnrydastgtltftnvqadafraqlqyytsffgenstkyglkpqvvtdpaevkaltsffawtawasaaerpgfgysytnnwpmeprvengptadmlvwsglslivliggtgimfaiygrwsrkigwhseeaptisfrqpgevgltlaqratawfffviallflvqtvlgaaaehyradilsffgfdlarvlpfnlartwhlqlslfwtaagflaagifltpmisgrepkgqsklayallgalavvvfgslaaeglsihgvswakgplfeqqweyldlprvfqilltlgmvvwiviiyrgirgrlrgeskgnmpwlfffsaltipafyavgllattethlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekialgiifldvilysmggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlgsrqeaksskpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfalrylipadkwpekwarisfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvgsgyyeartlgyitnpnnallewsrmpgdiifivggvlpflwitwlgvrhfrhgetveempqdvlfvelepagrerr
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=complement(1914454..1915836),organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyssqsvalpyfiaaiglfvgqivfglvmglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgsayylipeetetelyspklamlmfwiflvagaatilgylfvpyatlaemtgnnilatmgrefleqplitkigivivalaflfnismtmlkgrktvisivmllglwglavfflfsfynpanlvkdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgligtghhyfwigtpsywqwlgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayvlvvltmisytmpllrgraandqraqvcemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsatplpfmqvqdqvslfywmrlwaglvfaaglvtylasffikgeskpmita
>Bathymodiolus_azoricus_thioautotrophic_gill_symbiont  coded_by=2098..4359,organism=Bathymodiolus azoricus thioautotrophic gill symbiont,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mknysdfftikrlwitlvvslvlsfsallylggqiyqkappipnavqiingdivyskqdiedgqniwqamggmqqgsiwghggylapdwsadwlhrealsllntikssgfylnneyqtreahkiilkdemrtntynditgvvtisqnrasaiietqqhyinlytsnkqeyqqlredyafpikmildeekarklsafffwsawaastnrpgdditytsnwphepligntpppsvllwsiisiflllagiggivwyyasqfdkwrqnsepeqgiatadfiennkvtpsmkatakyfwvvtalfvsqvllgiitahyavdgqglygidiadyipyvvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlatglyvaplisghepkfqrfgvnflffslllivvgsfvgqwlavngfikdltlnfwfghqgyeyidlgrfwqiylfiglllwvvlllrallpafkdknlksllfivvlatisigllyaagfmwgkntnlsvieywrwwvvhlwvegvfevfataiisvlfvrmgllrasvattmvvfttiiflgggvlgtlhhlywsgtpisimavgasfsalevvplvvigfeaynhkklenqqtwqenyhwpfmffsavlfwnlvgaglfgflinppialyymqglnitanhghaalfgvygmlglglmlyamrgltdikqwdtkllkitfwslniglammtflsllpqglwqtyqsisqsyvsarsvefmqsdimhalvwarvpgdtifaigvftfawfvfkafvvkk
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MOTT-02  coded_by=complement(2025636..2027906),organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MOTT-02,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
migkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgetlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaeqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrynadtktlvftdkqaaafdhiqqhyadyfgenstkygllprmitskadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgaskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipaakwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrrapatdeldenplyteldtapaasreg
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22625..24901,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=putative quinol dependent nitric oxide reductase
mgeyrklwwtllavlavtfgilgyfgrevyrqappipdevrsvagdhlfsgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelttwlelgareqygkafgeldedqqavlrnrlqreyrhnrarngvltlserrveairqtatyyvalfgddpalqhsrrsfamkentlpslerreemthfffwtawaaaterpdsvatytnnwpheplvgnqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrkeeeephpplhdpislvgltpsqkalgkylllvvglftfqvmlgggtahytvegqdfyglplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkhqklgvdilfwalvvvvlgsfvgnflaiaqilppqwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlalmlrgilpafrkpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglsygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvsvraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpglafnerlmktafwclngglvlmlstsllpigiiqfhasvdvglwyarseafmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalsmvwqviigvlaplsstatasvpggverld
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_19660  coded_by=complement(1033308..1035584),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 19660,definition=hypothetical protein
mgeyrklwwtllavlavtfgilgyfgrevyrqappipdevrsvagdhlfsgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelttwlelgareqygkafgeldedqqavlrnrlqreyrhnrarngvltlserrveairqtatyyvalfgddpalqhsrrsfamkentlpslerreemthfffwtawaaaterpdsvatytnnwpheplvgnqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrkeeeephpplhdpislvgltpsqkalgkylllvvglftfqvmlgggtahytvegqdfyglplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkhqklgvdilfwalvvvvlgsfvgnflaiaqilppqwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlalmlrgilpafrkpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglsygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvsvraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpglafnerlmktafwclngglvlmlstsllpigiiqfhasvdvglwyarseafmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalsmvwqviigvlaplsstatasvpggverld
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_CDCE_8392  coded_by=complement(2288781..2291072),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae CDCE 8392,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqghvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdfipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigemaigvfmvkllnkkr
>Neisseria_sicca_VK64  coded_by=1961..4189,organism=Neisseria sicca VK64,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mlfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypervvsasgtqlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfnevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpalqttrehfamknntlpskeareklfnfffwtswsaatnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthvippkfnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsewakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnakfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Propionibacterium_humerusii_HL037PA3  coded_by=complement(65902..68196),organism=Propionibacterium humerusii HL037PA3,definition=cytochrome C and quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqetfnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatftldarikaresqphqenikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvshyttyfgrnshnlgllahdikdpaqakqltdffawtawgsaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsalslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsrnigwhesetpslnfirpsqvgltksqratawfffviaalflvqtfvgaaaehyradissffgfnlaswlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkepkrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslasealsvygvswakgpvfgeqweyldlprmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrarmktesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvvvgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigttltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipedrwndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyrsvgagyfearqlnyvtehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmafqglihhregrtsdtlpverlfveptaddreyawsseesk
>Propionibacterium_humerusii_HL037PA2  coded_by=41664..43958,organism=Propionibacterium humerusii HL037PA2,definition=cytochrome C and quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqetfnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatftldarikaresqphqenikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvshyttyfgrnshnlgllahdikdpaqakqltdffawtawgsaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsalslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsrnigwhesetpslnfirpsqvgltksqratawfffviaalflvqtfvgaaaehyradissffgfnlaswlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkepkrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslasealsvygvswakgpvfgeqweyldlprmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrarmktesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvvvgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigttltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipedrwndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyrsvgagyfearqlnyvtehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmafqglihhregrtsdtlpverlfveptaddreyawsseesk
>Propionibacterium_humerusii_HL044PA1  coded_by=21906..24200,organism=Propionibacterium humerusii HL044PA1,definition=cytochrome C and quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqetfnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatftldarikaresqphqenikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvshyttyfgrnshnlgllahdikdpaqakqltdffawtawgsaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsalslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsrnigwhesetpslnfirpsqvgltksqratawfffviaalflvqtfvgaaaehyradissffgfnlaswlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkepkrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslasealsvygvswakgpvfgeqweyldlprmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrarmktesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvvvgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigttltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipedrwndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyrsvgagyfearqlnyvtehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmafqglihhregrtsdtlpverlfveptaddreyawsseesk
>Geobacillus_thermoleovorans_CCB_US3_UF5  coded_by=804857..807220,organism=Geobacillus thermoleovorans CCB_US3_UF5,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Stenotrophomonas_acidaminiphila  coded_by=3683078..3685234,organism=Stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtedgrviftrkdietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaeavldiwarreagaenykqldaatqaaytkrvqsllrpntydaadgaiivdndraaaiatvaahyeslfsadpatgelreayamrndtvpdaehrrqltafywwaawasvterpgsditytanwpadslvgntappstfiwtvfsvlfliagiallgwhyavnhgdemapvlpktdplaaikvtpsmratakyfwvvialfltqillgaitahyqvegqqaygfaiadvlpysltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyiapaisghepkfqrlgvnflwiclivivvgsfagqwfavmqklglkhnfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfiglvlwltlvgralwpairnggesksivsllflsvvaiglfyaaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgmlqvksatvavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptavialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayhnyrmgkatpwmakykwpilffiavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltpthghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpdvvwnekllkasfwalnlglagmaaftllplgilqlsaalkhgywyarsaefmqqpivdmlvwmrvpadtlfsvgalalawfvfrlwvaprkaaalpvgeadqa
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL036PA2  coded_by=complement(75509..76984),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL036PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mvflrlflfqtlvgaaaehyradtssffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaagvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL036PA1  coded_by=13507..14982,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL036PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mvflrlflfqtlvgaaaehyradtssffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaagvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Rhodanobacter_sp._2APBS1  coded_by=complement(117701..119398),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 2APBS1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqiefqtqrlsmrffmlmlvlfvlqvgyglllsvqqtdptvlagvmnfnvaraehlnlgilwilcgfigailfvgpllakremvspwlikllfyaliviavwnfftlrlaqfgiagwwhgqpwlqqgleyleagriagvlvligfailayvvlrtfppvrqwneihwglglgvsalmavwvfglfyvarldlqeyfrwfvvhywvegvwevihitlvgfllvlmfkvdvksvgfavfwgvalvwlsglignahhyfwigtpafwqfwgslfsaleplplvfcfwhiyldahtnkrplenapafyfilgsvvleqigagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtpghahlalfgtfgmlgiaaayfavpilrkvpnydqrlgklsfwlvltgvlgmafsfsiggtvqiyvyrilgldwfggdvarsmgvfklmlplfgvvfatgagvlvydlltlgrrlavpagadthgepaeahpvtrwsrplsgfeagiwlmmmwifgtiitlgllsfnlprvrvagdptlpyllagvgypglllvtllfvwrflasmearakavaapsllrvlpaqa
>Rhodanobacter_denitrificans  coded_by=3002283..3003980,organism=Rhodanobacter denitrificans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqiefqtqrlsmrffmlmlvlfvlqvgyglllsvqqtdptvlagvmnfnvaraehlnlgilwilcgfigailfvgpllakremvspwlikllfyaliviavwnfftlrlaqfgiagwwhgqpwlqqgleyleagriagvlvligfailayvvlrtfppvrqwneihwglglgvsalmavwvfglfyvarldlqeyfrwfvvhywvegvwevihitlvgfllvlmfkvdvksvgfavfwgvalvwlsglignahhyfwigtpafwqfwgslfsaleplplvfcfwhiyldahtnkrplenapafyfilgsvvleqigagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtpghahlalfgtfgmlgiaaayfavpilrkvpnydqrlgklsfwlvltgvlgmafsfsiggtvqiyvyrilgldwfggdvarsmgvfklmlplfgvvfatgagvlvydlltlgrrlavpagadthgepaeahpvtrwsrplsgfeagiwlmmmwifgtiitlgllsfnlprvrvagdptlpyllagvgypglllvtllfvwrflasmearakavaapsllrvlpaqa
>Niabella_soli_DSM_19437  coded_by=complement(212527..214770),organism=Niabella soli DSM 19437,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mkpeklwtwltvviiasfavllyfgvdiyrkippipdkvmttdgevlstgqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreasllleelakkdgktyselpdeeqaryeillkkelrtntfdekanaiiisperakvhkqlreyyaklfmgdpsmaklrdayaipvntikdssrmnqmtaffswstwvcvtdrpgsdisytnnwpheplvgntpsgslflwsgfsvlmlltclgilvlyharnkdeemseklpledplrdmkptpsmkatlkyiwivallilvqmlsgvitahygvegsafygipldrflpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnilfgallvvvlgslagewlgimqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqillliglvlwlvlmlrallpalrrkdesrhlltlfvvasvaialfygaglmygrqthlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvagflftrlgllrlksatsavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfvlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsaasikngywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillaigelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Niabella_soli_DSM_19437  coded_by=2009332..2011575,organism=Niabella soli DSM 19437,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkpeklwtwltvviiasfavllyfgvdiyrkippipdkvmttdgevlstgqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreasllleelakkdgktyselpdeeqaryeillkkelrtntfdekanaiiisperakvhkqlreyyaklfmgdpsmaklrdayaipvntikdssrmnqmtaffswstwvcvtdrpgsdisytnnwpheplvgntpsgslflwsgfsvlmlltclgilvlyharnkdeemseklpledplrdmkptpsmkatlkyiwivallilvqmlsgvitahygvegsafygipldrflpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnilfgallvvvlgslagewlgimqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqillliglvlwlvlmlrallpalrrkdesrhlltlfvvasvaialfygaglmygrqthlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvagflftrlgllrlksatsavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfvlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsaasikngywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillaigelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root627  coded_by=53483..55810,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root627,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mpidaaahtvsepllgddgpvspwwvrtlvivmvggfallvmittlayrhappipgkvvdaqgttlftgadvsdgqavmlryglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysalalhmigvdvsealalqrfgkpadqldagsraalqaetavilktnrydagtdtlqltaaeadayrkqiphwadyfklstgngglkpnlitdpteirqfsafvtwaawasvanrpgknfsytnnfpydpsvgnvptggavlwsalslvillagiatvllifgrfenlgwishghhvhpqvlpgaaspgqralvkfyvvvaalflmqtlvggaiahsraepgdfygfpldnifpsnllrtwhlqtailwiatayvaaalflgrtlrrdeprsfamwvhllfgafavvivgsllgewagisqllgdwwywlgnqgweylelgrlwqvllviglfawfamlwtlvrprvvtaqarplavmfliaalavpvfyvpalfigshdnftvvdtwrfwiihlwlegffelfattvvaltfyqlglarrntalrviyldailyflgglvgtghhwyfsgqthinmalaglfsvlevvpltlltldawafvrttrgecdecgkainiphkwtfyflmavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyetgtiltpnhghaalmgvfgmlaialmvfvlrqtiddkrwpavekyikvaffgtngglvlmlllslfpggvwqmwdviengywharapaftggtvaktlewmrmpgdmvfilfgsvplfiaavkgwllmradggnaldsak
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK32402  coded_by=1834..>3988,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK32402,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqa
>gamma_proteobacterium_IMCC2047  coded_by=complement(1696..3093),organism=gamma proteobacterium IMCC2047,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkfssqavakpyfifamilfagqltfgailglqyvigdflfpylpfnvarmvhtnlllvwllfgfmgatyylvpeesdtelcspllakllfwifaaagvatilgylfvpyarlteltfnelwptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgfvfnvamtvlkglkpvinmvlltglvglavfflfsfynpsnlvldkyfwwwtvhlwvegvwelilgailaftlikvtgvdreviekwlyviigmalisgligmghhyfwigpgeywlwlgsifsaiepipffmmvmfafkmvrerrhghgnsiavtwalgtavmgflgagvwgfihtlapvnyfthgsqitaahghlaffgayvmivltiisyampimrgrpqgnslaaqslerkafwimclsmmgitlaltvagayqvalqrlpgdaealsfmatqdklmpiywvrmafgvaflsgvlmyfasffvggklpeavqaea
>endosymbiont_of_Tevnia_jerichonana_(vent_Tica)  coded_by=438..1826,organism=endosymbiont of Tevnia jerichonana (vent Tica),definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqsvaklyfiaaialfaaqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnalivwmlmafmgaayylvpeeaetelfapwlatlmfwiflvaagltvagyllvpystladltmnellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalaflfnigmtilkgrktvvnlvlmmgltglavfflfafynpvnlvldkffwwwvvhlwvegvwelilgsilafvlikttgvdreviekwlyiiiamvlitgiigtghhfywigtpeywqwwgsifsamepipffmmtvfafnmvnkrrrehpnkaavlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlspvnyythgtqitaahghmafygayvminltmisyampllrgrnaanpaksqilemwsfwlmtismvfitlfltgagilqaylqrmgdnplpfmavqdkielfywlrevaglvflvglviyiasffvgqdepeavvad
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_329_str._F0087  coded_by=103010..105253,organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 329 str. F0087,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvliffgveiyrtappfpekivttdgetlyegqdikdgqnawqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresmllldlyaqkdgkvykdlpeeeqakyqvqlrkelrantfnqqtgviifsperaqvakelanyysklfmddpaleqtrthyaipknaikdparmaqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnddvtytnnwpydplignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyharnkeeetsetfptedplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwivslliivqmisgvitahygvegggffgipldvvlpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqrlgvnvlfvallivvlgslagqwmgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeyielgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvralipalkrkdesrhllllfvlssvaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrlgllrikvastavlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskttewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglyadrhwnykilgwsfwliniglfvmlvgsllpigilqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdtmqiirwlrvpgdtllaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrekr
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_329_str._F0087  coded_by=267..2510,organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 329 str. F0087,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvliffgveiyrtappfpekivttdgetlyegqdikdgqnawqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresmllldlyaqkdgkvykdlpeeeqakyqvqlrkelrantfnqqtgviifsperaqvakelanyysklfmddpaleqtrthyaipknaikdparmaqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnddvtytnnwpydplignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyharnkeeetsetfptedplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwivslliivqmisgvitahygvegggffgipldvvlpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqrlgvnvlfvallivvlgslagqwmgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeyielgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvralipalkrkdesrhllllfvlssvaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrlgllrikvastavlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskttewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglyadrhwnykilgwsfwliniglfvmlvgsllpigilqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdtmqiirwlrvpgdtllaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrekr
>Acidilobus_saccharovorans_345-15  coded_by=655410..657632,organism=Acidilobus saccharovorans 345-15,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mslrrdalpvllaiivvfafsgalfaytfsrlppvppavvtqngtvlftrqqvimgkyylqkyglmdygsiegmgayfgvdftsytlelyelylaqrlnltvsykggvpvlppseaaevkrlildpggtmswgrnytvsdymlgafnyavdlysqylgqnsselrlrpdfitnrtvvrdlvayftwsalislnnytqgfpympgltspstnawaatmimiaailavgfpvgafivrdlvshwndpllkvdlpspgpaqravipfmvllmvaagvqgllgtylmhlyatqslygldligllpfnvaralhiwlaiywialtwvafslfvlpyfgvelsrrkviaimgflsavavaslagvwldylgyvpfssgpvepwfmfgaegrdvievgslwllltavgvfylsylfhrasrlaaeplrpfasvlsyvlagfgvgvvvgalpvvrpwpyftedeffrwifihaavegfwpsivitvlavllvvrglipaglarsvvmidavtevitgmigaahhyywtgfpavwmyvgaalsileaiplgfamayvvlvarragtlgtltsfdrtlltlvlvagiggsmgvvflgaglinapivnyyvhdlqytmahahaafplayglpsitmwfvalylaghvreshlkyirlgaigygvgfylqallslvplgvlqtvyelrygfwyaktvivpsvgldpapgfwetrlaqlfiwlrmpgdltaaasfaiivvpmaldwvlsrrst
>Elizabethkingia_anophelis_Ag1  coded_by=218186..220429,organism=Elizabethkingia anophelis Ag1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipekvittegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillhkelrtntfdeasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdvyaipvntvkdtgrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Elizabethkingia_anophelis_R26  coded_by=complement(2921..5164),organism=Elizabethkingia anophelis R26,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipekvittegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillhkelrtntfdeasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdvyaipvntvkdtgrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Elizabethkingia_anophelis  coded_by=395856..398099,organism=Elizabethkingia anophelis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipekvittegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillhkelrtntfdeasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdvyaipvntvkdtgrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Castellaniella_defragrans_65Phen  coded_by=2266287..2268002,organism=Castellaniella defragrans 65Phen,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mikidyqtqrlslrffllmlvlfgfqvlfglliavqhvdphllsgilnfnvlraehtnlgilwilsgfigtilfigpllsrrelaapglirflfwallavtlwnvatqslaargiagwwlgqpwlqegleyleagraadivifvgfailawvvlrtfparrewneihwglaigvtaltfvwlfgvffverldlqeyfrwyvvhywvegvwevihislvgfllvlmfkadvkavgyavfwgvamvwlsglignahhyfwigtpefwqfwgslfsaleplplvfcfwhiyldahqdrrplenapafyfilgsvvleqvgagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtpshahlalfgtfgmlgiasayyalpllrgvkdfdqrlgriafwlvfagmlgiafafaiggtiqvflyramglnwfggqvfpamqfykvlvpvfglvfltgaglliydlltlglrartaprpqvvppaagagrwgrtlhgaeaglwlmgmwlfgafitlgllsfnldavaqgdptipyvlaglgypglllitllfvwrflaslearvagaagepapsgpaagpapldqaara
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(2043121..2045448),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1851163..1853490,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=125549..127876,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=complement(282837..284246),organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
merlyesqrlaiwyfwtaialfgaqllfgllaayqfinpdflygtlnfmtnrmlhinamviwllmgfiggiywflpletqreivgiklgklayfafvitvaivvlvflikqfgkgdfftlwfitegreyveaprwadigvvavalivaynvvatvlasrrltgilgvlivdlaalfglylagmfftpnitvdqfwwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgvlmgwllmhllgtprkiieawlyievmlvfgtgilglghhyywigtppywlgiggffssleplplvamvihavydagvhrlqtvnrpalfwafaqafgnlfgagvwgfmhtlpqinlfshgtqlaaahghlaffgayvaanlaifyyilgktrvkegyimngavwriayigliigmfgmvasltvagfaqtmieraslgstweayiqaqmhpwmehayrwrfffglifalsymallydlltagkrveqvkeaelar
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=complement(282827..284236),organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
merlyesqrlaiwyfwtaialfgaqllfgllaayqfinpdflygtlnfmtnrmlhinamviwllmgfiggiywflpletqreivgiklgklayfafvitvaivvlvflikqfgkgdfftlwfitegreyveaprwadigvvavalivaynvvatvlasrrltgilgvlivdlaalfglylagmfftpnitvdqfwwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgvlmgwllmhllgtprkiieawlyievmlvfgtgilglghhyywigtppywlgiggffssleplplvamvihavydagvhrlqtvnrpalfwafaqafgnlfgagvwgfmhtlpqinlfshgtqlaaahghlaffgayvaanlaifyyilgktrvkegyimngavwriayigliigmfgmvasltvagfaqtmieraslgstweayiqaqmhpwmehayrwrfffglifalsymallydlltagkrveqvkeaelar
>Sphingomonas_sp._NS2  coded_by=complement(35351..37633),organism=Sphingomonas sp. NS2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mtrtepvenlshwwrraviltmvlgfgvlgllmvktytnappvpehvvdsrgqvvftgadiragqqvflkyglmnngsiwghggylgpdfsasylhawalavaeeraetrfgkayvaltladraaidgevalqlrvnrydpatatltllpagvtafdqqqsrwasyfehperngglapslitdkselrqltaffgwaawgsvaerpgtghsytnnfpydplagnrptgaaliwsalsfiallggtalallafgrfdylgwhgtpasmqnwvisdaqratvkymgvaallllgqvffgaaiahyradpgdfygfdlaswfpsnlmrtwhlqsalfwiatsfvagalfvaellggktpprqrlaihvlfvafaivivgsmlgewagilqwlplswfwfgnqgweylelgrfwqlllivglciwfvllwravapalrdpehkslarffllagfaipmfylpalffgsetnftivdawrfwiihlwvegffeffvtvivailfykmglvhrltalrtiyldailyfgggligtghhwywtgqteanmalsavfsalevvpltmitldawsfvrttkgqdsvverhrwtfmfimavgfwnflgagvfgflintpivsyyevgtiltpnhghaalmgvfgmlgialmvfvlreaieeevwskisrliaiafwglniglalmillsllpggllqlhaviengywyarelnftgaplprllewlrmpgdlifmfagvlplivavgwgyaslrrrpghdpqirlspver
>Formosa_agariphila_KMM_3901  coded_by=2691582..2693828,organism=Formosa agariphila KMM 3901,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mnkekklwilfaavvicsfsvlgyygfeiyqqsppipeavvsdtgetiftkddiqdgqniwqsiggqelgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreavyildiyakndfnksfdditdeqqaalkirlqndvrkntfnassntitisqnrvaainhlseyykglftndpsfdklradyaipkntikddakmqkmnafffwatwatvterpnskvsythnwpadelvgnaptmdlmvwsgvsiillilcigilvfyhvksgedeempppaedpllkqgmtpsmhlvkkyfwvvtllmviqmllgivtahygvegdgfygfaldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavsgkdpkfqkfgvnflffalliivlgsmigqwfgvmqklnylenfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglilwlalmvrpllpvlkrkteeknliimflisctaialfyasglmwgqhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlnvllativfmsggilgtfhhlyfsgtpkaimalgatfsalevvpltligyeayhnyklskatkwiadykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyiqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrslyrnvtwnnklikisfwslnigllamallslmpigiwqaiesiehgmwyarsselmqdptmitlkwmrtigdvifaigivticwfvfdltlknkitknn
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_PD30  coded_by=418120..419490,organism=Pseudomonas mandelii PD30,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryrsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllnllpfdvtksihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrgelhstklayiqlglwtamgvtavlgylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmlmflynigmtikkagrftategvlllglasaavlflpallhyenyvvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywigvphywlplggffsalepmaligmaiyaynamrrsglshpnklalhwtlgsavftmfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpgmtrrpveessigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerilglgyldvqlkiqvhflmlvatasmfslgaglfifeffrhapdfnvdeadpvlatpqasgaar
>Campylobacter_concisus_UNSW2  coded_by=12748..14979,organism=Campylobacter concisus UNSW2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mreykrywlalvavlvvcfsilgyygvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkyadlndeqkanlkvllkkeyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkaisqvaseyaalfgddpkfkslreayamkentlpgasdradlnnfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiasvvilltgvgllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfafqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfvgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimaigasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyklqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasldqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwlrmlgdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkka
>Mycobacterium_xenopi_3993  coded_by=257387..258862,organism=Mycobacterium xenopi 3993,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
migkgwvqgvalvlifgflvlgilayraytasmplpdkvvsesgrllftgnditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdrtaeylrmatddvadqfrgqgvtdprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqarafddiqlhyatyfgenstkygllphtitdkaeiheltaffawtawasaaqrpghnysytnnwpsekrvdngptaqvvvwsalslvallggigimfaiygrwsqklgwhgdemastlsfrepgevpltpaqrstiwffaivsvlflaqalvgaaaqhyradlssffgldlarvlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqswlaygllgavalvvfgslitealsiygvipagsllsqqweyldlprlwqilliigmflwiaiiwrgmrarlrasrrltcrgcfssrawrsrvlrdrvagqqrhpllgrrflavlggapvgrrlprtvhhrdgglhlrdargga
>Mycobacterium_conceptionense  coded_by=88176..90509,organism=Mycobacterium conceptionense,definition=nitric oxide reductase
maidpgqalpsrhsdqpsaqpligrgwfqgvalvmifgffvmgllayrtytasmpmpqkvvtqsgdelftdddithgqeifqsrglqeygsivghgaylgpdytadylrratddvaaqlraegmgdthdavvtefrtnrydaatgtlvftdrqakaferitghyaeffgenstkngllprlitdpaeihdltsffawtawasaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptaqlivwstlslimllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeapalsfrqpgevaltpaqrsaiwffaivsvlflaqavlggavqhyraelsdffgldlaailpynlartwhlqlallwpaaaflaggiflapfiarreprrqqwlsygllgavvvvvvgslvsealsiygaipsgsllsqqweyldlprlwqillvvglflwiiliwramrarlkgeskmnmpwvfffsglaipmfyavgllagsdthltvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvsqrialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqsagdskpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarvsfwclniglawmvfasllplgvmqlyhsvndgyfearsigyltqpgnavmewlrmpgdiifivggilpfvwiawqalrhfrsgpttldlpeqplytelsvapaaesr
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21235  coded_by=complement(9112..11403),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21235,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_JKD6159  coded_by=288765..291056,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus JKD6159,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(7687..9600),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Propionibacterium_sp._HGH0353  coded_by=complement(148249..150582),organism=Propionibacterium sp. HGH0353,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswvkgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeasgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_avidum_TM16  coded_by=complement(564..2897),organism=Propionibacterium avidum TM16,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswvkgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeasgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL1838  coded_by=9297..11630,organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL1838,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswvkgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeasgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL1852  coded_by=complement(352242..354575),organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL1852,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswvkgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeasgeqghaqlpeatr
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._hominissuis_A5  coded_by=27935..30178,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis A5,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphlitdkaqireltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmsesgaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_thermoresistibile_ATCC_19527  coded_by=441191..443584,organism=Mycobacterium thermoresistibile ATCC 19527,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
maerstgsatktelaiskgwvqgvalvfvfgflvmgllaartysdsmplpqrvvgptgetvfteqeitsgqqiflrrglqqygsvvghggylgpdytaeylrlsadrvadalrdrgvpdpttavvemmrtnrydeatgtlqftaeqveafeairdhyadvfgtdsteygliprvitdpqeihdltaffswtawasaaqreghaysytnnwppeqrvnntptadilvwsamslvallaglgalfalygrwsrrigwhaaetpslafrqpgevaitpsqkatawfflvvavlflgqavlggaiehyradlssffgldlarilpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaaaflaagiflapiisgreprrqswlaygllgalfvvvagtltgtalstfgvewakgsiffdqqweyldlprfwqillvvglflwiaiifrsirsrlrtesklnmpwlflyaglaipafyavgmlattqthltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrrkiaiqlifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsamevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqsrsrapfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfalryiipaqrwpdklakvsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlwhsvndgyyeartlgyltqtgnavlewlrlpgdflfilggvlpflwiawlgvrygiratthtlppetlfveehaeaaedrtglavaatsryasdrrvtpdaeprggp
>Candidatus_Methanoperedens_sp._BLZ1  coded_by=5417..7504,organism=Candidatus Methanoperedens sp. BLZ1,definition=Cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I
maeiwlmdlgsiwghgtirgpdfsaqslhmmgqemrnyyaselyktpytqldadskaavdvrviseikenrydytkdvltltpsqayayqkireyyqkifsvgsidynilpglikseserddlaafffwtgwaagtnrpgqdytyttnwprdpsvgndlpavsilwtyvsllvmiialgvvvyiihaygfwgggaqnpdvavaianapitssqrkagmfflvaitlflaqtlvgglmshysvhplsfygldfiasllpynlvkswhlqlaifwiavswigaslylsplligkepkhqgllvnvlfiavlivavgsllgeaagimgllsgdlwywfghqgweflelgriwqillflglviwlflvfrvvksifqkgkekgdlphmyvysaiaivgfyaftflvrrdihitmadywrwwmvhiwvesifeffavaiialvtvslglagkegalkvvylsavlafitgiigtghhlfwfgdpafwvgvggvfstlepiplitlvarawreqshmekigvkfpykwpmrfliasslwnflgagafgfilttpvanyyehgtylttnhahtalfgvygmlaialiliayrgivkpefwderplklsfwalnagflimslgtlflagllqlgyttsatggvwyarspeffnsptfqllgslriipdtliivfgvlpllyflvttitrrkeatikeeepifr
>Mycobacterium_sp._MOTT36Y  coded_by=4243028..4245358,organism=Mycobacterium sp. MOTT36Y,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mateqsaaqtssaqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvteprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_sp._TKK-01-0059  coded_by=216779..219109,organism=Mycobacterium sp. TKK-01-0059,definition=hypothetical protein
mateqsaaqtssaqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvteprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_A8  coded_by=2526994..2529279,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans A8,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrklwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipgqvvtadgkplfgrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaareqhgqdyaqldaraqaalradlkaeyranrsdaatdtltvsprraramaqtaayygqlfsdapalhrsrenfamkentlpdaarrtqlthfffwtawaaateregknvtytnnwpheplidnvpsaenvmwsiisvvvllagigflvwawaflrgkeedeppapakdplttfpltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkfqkvgvdilfwalvlvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmaigasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktraawmdnlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwgmnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqellknlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalaivmqvilgllsgkpaqaeprlqpkaarg
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1818  coded_by=756593..759154,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1818,definition=hypothetical protein
matttgaedrskpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendangipdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhseeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqdwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkeiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1998  coded_by=complement(197165..199726),organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1998,definition=hypothetical protein
matttgaedrskpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendangipdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhseeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqdwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkeiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1996  coded_by=641321..643882,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1996,definition=hypothetical protein
matttgaedrskpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendangipdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhseeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqdwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkeiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL2004  coded_by=188217..190778,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL2004,definition=hypothetical protein
matttgaedrskpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendangipdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhseeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqdwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkeiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1986  coded_by=199432..201993,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1986,definition=hypothetical protein
matttgaedrskpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendangipdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhseeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqdwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkeiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Cellulophaga_baltica_18  coded_by=complement(3765804..3768023),organism=Cellulophaga baltica 18,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkkvwiafssvvilsfialiwvgtevyqtqppipetvtiketgetvftkadiqigqnvwesiggmevgsiwghgsyvapdwsadwihkeavfmldawaqkdfntsygaldvenkaalkarlikdiktnsynpktgaitisaaryaairsntahytrifsegyepyaipegaltdqvklaqlnaflfwtswaastnrpnedytytsnwphepqigntitpdsqiwsgfsivllllfigalsyyyirnhekgeavihpkqdpldtliltrsqravlkyfivisllialqvvlgaltvhytvegqaffgfdlssflpysitrtwhtqlavfwiaatwlatglflapmisgkemkfqvfginflfmalllivlgsmlgewlgvhqfldlttnfffghqgyeymdlgrfwqiflgiglvlwvvmvgrhvifaikknddskhlliillisviaigmfffsglmygensslpvinywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatviiafiflrmkilsaktagkasiasatiflaggiigtlhhlyysgtpvqaialgatfsalevvpltlmgfeirenwnllksnewmqkykwpvfffiavafwnmvgagvfgflinppialyyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygllgmgfiiiclrfysdrvwnsvklkrafwflnvglvamvvlsllpigiiqaytsitkgysfardaellysptvqtlkwmrmigdiifsvgifyfcwftiqetvycikkkn
>Herminiimonas_arsenicoxydans  coded_by=complement(44411..46684),organism=Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mgeyrklwwtlitvllvtfsilgisgvevykqappipaqvtttsnrvlmtsedilngqtawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawldlaahetyrqpfaqlngeqqaalqyqlkteyrrntynaetgtvtvserrakamlqtadyyhrlygdapelrssrdsfamkentlpdtgrrddltkfffwtawaastdrpgtaatytnnwppeplignhptpenvlwslaciiiliagigflvlgwsflrqhapdpqapgadplvqvgltpsqkalgkyllvvmalfifqvflggltahytiegqhfygldisqwfpysltrtwhlqaaifwiataflsaglflapvihggrdpkyqklgvdilfcallvvvagsflgsflaikgimpaelnfwlghqgyeyldlgrlwqlalfigilfwlalmlramlpafkqggdknllallctstiaiglfygaglfygerthitimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfattalafifssmglvsrrvataaslasaslfmvggvpgtfhhmyfsgtstpimavgaafsalevvplillgyeawehwrlkerapwmkaiewplmcfiavafwnmvgagifgfmintpvalfylqglnttavhshaalfgvygflsigfvllilryirpeiqfnhrlmhtgfwwlnaglilmiatsllpiglfqfqasvsegmwyarseaflqqdfletlrwirtfgdvvfivgacavawqivlgifhiaphaktakdavrvp
>Rhodanobacter_fulvus_Jip2  coded_by=31378..32742,organism=Rhodanobacter fulvus Jip2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryksqsvaywyfavamalfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllyilpfdvtkmihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelysvklaiwqlvlwtamglatifgyffrygtgnklleqplpskiiivvvmlmflynifmtikrsgrftttegvligglglaavlylpallhyenyvisifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagiigtahhyywvgvphywlpiggvfsalepvalvgmavyaysairrsglqhpnvlalhwtvgsavftlfgagllglahtfpsvnkwthgtmitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpsltsgrreqgspvgywafwmqlggmfgmtlsfgtagiaqvylerilglgyldtqlkiqihfvmliatatvftigvglfifdffrypprfavsaepelkprgvada
>Mycobacterium_sp._GPK_1020  coded_by=466367..468760,organism=Mycobacterium sp. GPK 1020,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mteqflepapskaelaiskgwvqgvalvmvfgflimgmlaartysdsmplpqrvvgpdgqtlfteqqitagqqiflrrglqqygsvvghggylgpdytaeylrlsadhigqelrdsgaqdptaavvemmrtnrydestgalqftaeqvsafekirayyadyfgtdstehglipqvitdpqeiqdltaffswtawasaakrdghsysytnnwppeqrvnntptadilvwsamsliallaglgalfalygrwsrkigwhatetpslafrqpgevaitpsqkatawfflvvavlflgqavlggaiehyraelsnffgldlarilpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaaaflaagiflapiisgreprrqswltygllgalfvvvagtligtalstfgvdwakgsiffdqqweyldlprfwqillvvglflwmaiifrairsrlktesklnmpwlffyaglaipafyavgmlagtethltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrrkiaiqlifldvilysmggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsamevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqsrssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfalryiipahrwpdklaklsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlwhsvndgyyearslgyitqsgnvvlewlrmpgdflfilggvlpfvwiawlgvrygikatthtlpaetlfveehahaeedrtgmaipgrsryasdrrtvpeeggdgp
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgviaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Lactobacillus_coryniformis_subsp._torquens_DSM_20004_=_KCTC_3535  coded_by=complement(6294..8648),organism=Lactobacillus coryniformis subsp. torquens DSM 20004 = KCTC 3535,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mvknnytykrltkvlvgtlvtvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivttagetlvtrnellsgqavyekygladygtylgngsylgpdytaqslhiylqgmdnyyahkfyqhsfkslstykrdaikdkvrheikinrysaakktltltaaqtagyqhltkyyrhefinnprqaglpenmintkktdafmykgnkvnhlasfffwgawmsstnrpgqnysytnnwpydldagntmssesliwtaisvallvagvgviiyyqrryafdmeatyasaaempaldtdfaitqsqrkiakfflvvvglflvqillgelmahyyveneffgiplqniwpfnlakawhlqlvifwvattwlatgiyivprvlrrepkrqgllvdllfwaliivvvgsmlgewastlgllnhnwwlfgqfgweyielgkfwqilfiigmalwviilmrgfipamkrpdnydrkrlitllfcgaiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdlkltttrstvralyfqltlllgsgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsalevvplclllweaythyrvfkdsaiafpykgtfvflmwtgvwnaigagalgfiinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaimlyalrnisqqkiwtpkmdklvnwsawlmniglagmvfitllpagylqlkdalehgywharllsfyqsspvfeilwarivpdlvftagviilivivvkvlrnlkpadnakaaahfaavtaeeakadakqnn
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_31  coded_by=131743..133995,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis 31,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mvvcaccsdhrffvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifaigalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Mycobacterium_avium_2285_(R)  coded_by=complement(1377841..1380084),organism=Mycobacterium avium 2285 (R),definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._hominissuis_101  coded_by=27370..29613,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis 101,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_avium_104  coded_by=4130607..4132850,organism=Mycobacterium avium 104,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(4477..6744),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii_subsp._freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(2236..4503),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(5930..8197),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(6629..8896),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(7256..9523),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(4475..6742),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(5901..8168),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=complement(5931..8198),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Methylocystis_sp._SC2  coded_by=complement(45309..47615),organism=Methylocystis sp. SC2,definition=Putative nitric-oxide reductase
mesarklwislvallalsfavllligreisvkapplpervvtesgrtvytiadiqlgrqvwqsiggmqlgsvwghggyvapdwtadwqhrelvaildawarrefaagryadlseeqqsslrgrlrpmmrrntfdpktgaiivseeraqaivlvsshyerlfgddpssaqlrenyamkngtvadaanrralgaffwwtawaatterpgsrvtytnnwpseplvdnrppattfiwsafsvvfllagigllgwhralsharggetcdvpprdplrnvtvtpsmratakyfwvllalflvqilfgaisahyqvegqlfygypmaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglymapaisgyepkfqalgvnvlwiclliivvgafagqwlavmqrlglehnfwfghqgweyadigrfwqwflfiglllwlslvgralwpallaktesrsivalfflstvaiglfygaglmwnehthlsmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaflftrlglvavkpatsavlfativfmaggvigtlhhlyfagtptsvlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayehwrfcgatpwmqrykwpvlffiavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglvlfclrgmmpelvwnekilsisfwcfnvglammalftllplgtlqllaainegywyarseqfmqqpivdllvwmrvpgdtvfsigalafawfvvslwlrprrqphevekedreleagpakraa
>Burkholderia_mallei_GB8_horse_4  coded_by=complement(16610..18928),organism=Burkholderia mallei GB8 horse 4,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei_SAVP1  coded_by=549589..551907,organism=Burkholderia mallei SAVP1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei_ATCC_23344  coded_by=complement(823002..825320),organism=Burkholderia mallei ATCC 23344,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(33267..35585),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=13468..15786,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=403413..405731,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(191985..194303),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=13419..15737,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(7645..9963),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=740061..742379,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1844894..1847212,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1375200..1377518,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1977132..1979450,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(114545..116863),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3182889..3185207,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1815136..1817454,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(1562368..1564686),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1734451..1736769,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=493255..495573,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Anaeromyxobacter_dehalogenans_2CP-C  coded_by=complement(3620128..3622437),organism=Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans 2CP-C,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mrrgllvsrawpqaallvmvvgfgilgvlayrtytasppipektvdprgrvvfdredilagqelfltrglmdygsvlghggylgpdftaeylrrsarfvaarngesereggprtwaefrenrydpatgvlrftegqaaafehareslraffsqpsartglspglvsspedlrqltaffawtawaasaqrpgadysytnnwppeplvlnrptgsmvvwsvlslvallggtgllfaafgrwrflgwqgretqtltfrrpqdvpltpgqratgwyflvmallflaqtlaggasqhyraelegffgidlaallpfnvvrtwhlqlaifwvatsylaagifvapmiagreprgqrtlafallgalavvvvgsllgelagihgwirgywlgnqgfeylelgrfwqvllvaglfawaamlyrtlrprlvrehlgnmpwlfffaalaipafyavgllahprahftvtdywrfwvvhlwvedflelfttaivaylfvllgvvaekaavrlvyleiilysvggvvgtmhhvyfsgepaehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawsflslakaqqregaapfphrwavmflaavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavalalfavrylvaperwserlagvsfwslnlglgwmvfatlfpigvlqlyrsvtvgyfearqleyvtarpltffewwrlpgdalfivggvlplvvlcwrgiraaprpttapagesplfsdvdgpgaaaegasgghaaprrl
>Allochromatium_vinosum_DSM_180  coded_by=complement(1070766..1073081),organism=Allochromatium vinosum DSM 180,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msdptttpteslspwwprslmivmivgfsllillslktyedappipaqavdpkgavvftaedvaagqevflkyglmdngtiwghggmlgpdfsaqtlhglalhhaehlaqsrfqtayaalsaderagidgsvaaefkrngydpatgililpaasqaafdaqiaawtayfqepasnggltreavtdptelrrltaffswtawaaaaqrpgathsytnnfpydpfvgnhptagallwsaisvifllggiaivllafgkfsylgwhgddrppppklpaitpiaitpaqsatlkfmviagllflaqvligggiahyraepgnfygldlstlwpsnllriwhlqlaifwvatayvggalfmasalgggdpthqrrlidtlfwalvavvvgsllgqwlgindllggwwfwlgnqgweyleigrfwqillaaglffwfwlvlravkparanpelrtfvnffliaafsipffylpafffgstthfsvvdmwrfwlihlwvegffeffvtvivavifyqlglvrritairviyldailyfgggligtahhwyftgqtelamalgatfsalevvpltlltldawdfyrvsrgggpayphrwtffflmavgfwnftgagvfgflinmpivsyyevgttltinhahaafvgvfgmlavglmayllreitsderwplvqtclkvsfwglniglalmillsllpggvlqlrdvlengywharslnytatslaryvewlriwgdsvfilfgvlplvigllaayrdlwrrrvtltgstgpavspslr
>Bacillus_azotoformans_MEV2011  coded_by=complement(335562..337925),organism=Bacillus azotoformans MEV2011,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mgvrkldtdsaskptsknalmksilvftllisftvllvggygifkgnaprpteitspsgdvvitkasimggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaqalkvytegmqdfraeekfgapykelsadeqaaikdqvikemrenrydaesdtlpltdaqvygleqvrayyqdvftngdnwglkpglikeehmpatdrayvaegdqitqisdfffwtawlsstlrqgdeitytnnwpyyedagntmglsavwwsgvsvtllilfigiilfvfyryhldmhpayedgkfpkidlrkqpvtnsqvkvgkyfavvavlffvqsmfgallahyyiepdsffgitwihdilpfsitkgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmglyiaplvgghepkkqgllvdvlfwalvvlvfgsmigewlgangklgnlwfllghngweyielgriwqliliagmgiwlflvfrgikaglkretdkgglihllfysamavpafyvfallinpdthftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlglvtknstikalyfqitlllgsgvigighhfyyngsaevwialgavfsalevipltllileayehykivkdggidfpykstfwflisvgiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgsmmgvygffalavlvfslrnivkpekwddkiikiscwlmniglagmiaisllpvgwlqlkeaflkgywvsrspeflqqdvvvnlitiraipdtifligvllimyvavkaifnlrkpthqegeplpvkdlaided
>Campylobacter_concisus_UNSWCS  coded_by=12729..14960,organism=Campylobacter concisus UNSWCS,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mreykrywlalvavlvvcfsilgyygvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkyadlndeqkanlkvllkkeyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkaisqvaseyaalfgddpkfkplreayamkentlpgasdradlnnfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiasvvilltgvgllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfafqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfvgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimaigasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyklqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasldqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwlrmlgdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkka
>Cesiribacter_andamanensis_AMV16  coded_by=complement(28276..30594),organism=Cesiribacter andamanensis AMV16,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mstkklwwgfaaviifsfsvlgfygweiyreappipkqivtpsgqvlfteaeildgqsvwqsiggqqvgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealfmlnawaqrdyaagyeqldeeakaglqarlqkelrkntfdkatgtltvselraaaisdnsrhytglfmndpalaelrehyalkdntikdpergrlingfffwaawacvterpgsevsytnnwpaeelvanrppstlliwtgfsviillagvallayyyashkeeeinpdlpkndpllnlvptpsmkatlkyfwvvallfvvqvvlgattahygvegnglygipladwlpysltrtyhvqlgilwiatswlamglyiapavsgyeppyqklgvnilfvalliivvgsmvgqwfgvmqelgleanfwfghqgleyvdlgrfwqiflfaglfiwlflmvrailpafknqaenkhllamfvvssaaialfygaglmwgrhsnlaiteywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvklgllraklanesvifatiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavlalgatfsalevvpliligfeayhnlqlskatpwvqtykwpiycfvavafwnlvgagifgflinppialyymqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfalrgmnrsiawperplkwafwsinwglalmallsllpigliqtwasvkwglwyarsaefmqsdileiwrwmrvpgdvvfsvgvvilawfvlrigipkagsgpvqtppqpeaeppremepereeelvv
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM1495  coded_by=complement(3058..5028),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM1495,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdarvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Dinoroseobacter_shibae_DFL_12_=_DSM_16493  coded_by=3347463..3348842,organism=Dinoroseobacter shibae DFL 12 = DSM 16493,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyesqkiayayfatalglfaiqviggllagwvyvspntlselvpfntirmlhtnslivwlllgffgaayflipeeaereihspmlayvqlailvvgtlgvvvtylfnpfeghwllgkegrefieqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvsmtslkgrktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynphnlsldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgtatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvalnlaiisyampilkgrdpynqvlnmasfwmmaggmtfmtfvltfagtvqthlqrvmgidymsvqdditifywmrfgsgvvvvlgallfiyaifvprkeiiepndrsvaaetpae
>Thiobacillus_denitrificans_ATCC_25259  coded_by=complement(589424..590827),organism=Thiobacillus denitrificans ATCC 25259,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqavakpyfiaaiglflgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeserelhspklalamfwiflvagaatilgylfvpyaslaemtgnnllatmgrefleqplptkvgivivalamlynlsmtvlrgrktainlvmlvglwglaifflfsfynpgnlvkdkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyywigapeywqwwgsvfsalepipffmmtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqitaahghmafygayamvvmtmisytmpllrgrvansataqvmemwsfwlmtismvfitlfltaagilqiwlqrisdtpmpfmaaqeqvalfywmrevaglvflvgillyigsffvkgkevtvsttataaaaa
>Geobacillus_sp._JF8  coded_by=673559..675922,organism=Geobacillus sp. JF8,definition=nitric oxide reductase
meiqrsvrpnvrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkvytegmqdykanekynkpfseltdeektvireqvisemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglenvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkgliketdmpktdrawvaegdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfvgiilyvfyryqlgmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltasqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgidgiydllpfniaksyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifvaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswflfghqgweylelgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdrgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftlllgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmivitllpvgvlqikeafvngywasrspsflqqdivqnlllirfvpdtifligvvallafavkvmfhlrkpthregeelpvvnlaeee
>Methylocystis_sp._SC2  coded_by=121889..124195,organism=Methylocystis sp. SC2,definition=Putative nitric-oxide reductase
mesarklwislvallalsfavllligreisvkapplpervvtesgrtvytiddiqrgrqvwqsiggmqlgsvwghggyvapdwtadwqhrelvaildawarrefaagryadlseeqqsslrgrlrpmmrrntfdpttgaitvsderaqaivlvsshyeslfgddprsaelrenyamkngtvadaanrralgaffwwtawaattdrpgsrvtytnnwpseplvdnrppattfiwsafsvvfllagigllgwhravsharggetcdvpprdplrnvtvtpsmratakyfwvllalflvqilfgaisahyqvegqlfygypmaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglymapaisgyepkfqalgvnalwiclliivvgafagqwlavmqrlglehnfwfghqgweyadigrfwqwflfiglllwlilvgralwpallvknesrsivalfflstvaiglfygaglmwnehthlsmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgliavqpatsavlfativfmaggvigtlhhlyfagtptsvlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayehwrfcgatpwmqrykwpvlffiavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglvlfclrgmmpelvwnekilsisfwcfnvglammalftllplgtlqllaainegywyarseqfmqqpiidllvwmrvpgdtvfsigalafawfvvslwlrprrqpheveqedreleagpakraa
>Neisseria_flavescens_NRL30031/H210  coded_by=20562..22817,organism=Neisseria flavescens NRL30031/H210,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgtdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=236019..237395,organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqyqsqavakpyfiaaiglfvgqilfglimglqyvmgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayyiipeeserelfspklallmfwiflvagaativgylmvpyaalakytfndlwptmgrefleqplptklgivvvalamlfnitmtvlkgrktsisivllmglwglavfflfsfynpsnlvldkyfwwwtvhlwvegvwelilgallafvlikvtgvdreiiekwlyliiamtlitgivgmghhyfwigtpeywqwfgsvfsalepipffmmtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaatlwalgtgvmsflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqitaahghmafygayvmvvltiisyampmmrgraanseksqvlemwsfwlmtvsivfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvstsplgfmaaqdqitlfywmreftglvfltglvlyiisffvggeskeaa
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=complement(483579..484955),organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqyqsqavakpyfiaaiglfvgqilfglimglqyvmgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayyiipeeserelfspklallmfwiflvagaativgylmvpyaalakytfndlwptmgrefleqplptklgivvvalamlfnitmtvlkgrktsisivllmglwglavfflfsfynpsnlvldkyfwwwtvhlwvegvwelilgallafvlikvtgvdreiiekwlyliiamtlitgivgmghhyfwigtpeywqwfgsvfsalepipffmmtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaatlwalgtgvmsflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqitaahghmafygayvmvvltiisyampmmrgraanseksqvlemwsfwlmtvsivfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvstsplgfmaaqdqitlfywmreftglvfltglvlyiisffvggeskeaa
>Xanthobacter_autotrophicus_Py2  coded_by=3380407..3382710,organism=Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mksyqttfsikrlwiilsvgmvvmfgillllgqqiyqqappipeavksqsgetlftradietgqniwqsiggmeqgsiwghgsylapdwsadwlhreaeallalsasqplpgvsatqaeamrraglqeemrrntydpasgvitvsdtrarairqvqqhfvslydggdpaslklrrdyafpvygelsaaearqltafyfwtawgattdrpgqnitytsnwpheplvgnspttgtllwslasvilllaaagaliayyakqfdvwrgdilpeggmatsdllgqavitpsmratakyfwvvcalfvgqvllgivtahyavegqglyglpfaeylpytitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyvapmlggrdpkfqrlgvnflfvsllvivigsfagqwaavhrfftsltanfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiylliglflwvalvvralwpvlrreggksliylvlvsalaigllygaglmwgqhtniaimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataiisllfvqmgilrtstatvmvlfatiiflfggvlgtfhhlyfsgtptsviavgamisalevvpllvvgfeaytrhkveheaeweriyhwpfmffaavlfwnlvgaglfgflinppialyymqglnttanhghaalfgvygmlglgltlycmrgltdvtrwnqkwirisfwslniglgmmtflsllpqgilqtyasiehgyayarsaefihspimqalvwarvpgdvvfalgvfafawfmvqafmhgrkptpetaaipkpal
>Halococcus_morrhuae_DSM_1307  coded_by=7641..9941,organism=Halococcus morrhuae DSM 1307,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mdvtrktlakilvvvfvanlvvmgagalysyqnappipqevvgpdgqtiatderiqagkatfqsnglmnhgsilgngayfgedftadaldlktqymqeyyanerrgqsyrslpdarqaaidsrvtneldtdydggpveysaaelfahrqireeyvdryangarergvpagmienpedarrfadfalwtawvshtdrpgadysytnnwpynpvagnvpagptvvwsavamvlliagagigvwlyhsielaepeiagidipdprevdllpsqraatryipiaallfvvqvlfgallahyyverdgffglgellgidilqwlpfaisktyhldlailwvatlwigaglflpglltghepdhqrtlvnvllgalvvvvvggfvgvwlgfkgvigtdnplwwilgnegleyvevgrlwqfglllgfvlwtillyrgfkpmldresryglahmiiyaggsigllfvagvlytpqtnmvmtefwrwwvvhmwvegsfeffivavigitlvsmgllekrsaekavmlqalfvmgsgvigashhywwvglpdvwipfgsifstleliplililfealgqyralatsdesfayrlpfmfiiasgawnflgagvlgffinlpminyyehgtymtvahahaamfgafgflalgmavymlrltvdpdrwnerrlrwafwlwntglaimvlisllpigflqletaftqgydaarslafyngdlvqllfwarfpgdtllilgtivfaydvirkrfvlretstpdetpggtipdrilaeddd
>Sulfurovum_sp._NBC37-1  coded_by=243104..244549,organism=Sulfurovum sp. NBC37-1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mltsiktnefagdkgkelgmmyfrvaiilfgaqllmgliaaiqflvpgflfelfdfnvarmvhinalvvwmlyamigsvyfmlsdetgeqlvhagigklafwvltaavtvvvlvyifiqvgpgteatiwlinegreyieaprwadigivvvvlifywnvfatfmkgkktgimtvmvadllalaglyvagmfftdnismdqfwwwwvihlwveatwevfvgvlaayslikiigakreivemwlwievlmlfgsgilgmghhyfwigtpeywweigalfsalepvplvamfvhvlydwgkeqgaakaeghkgavanngpaiawivtnafgnflgagvwgffhtlpqvniythgtqftaahghlaffgayatiligmmylgvqyaygierlkatfkskmgiflivfgvlgmtvaltiagyeqvlveraelgggwnaffqaqelpwyvqammwraimgvvtfvgfiylvwdlltigkeqkaaqav
>Phenylobacterium_zucineum_HLK1  coded_by=664658..666940,organism=Phenylobacterium zucineum HLK1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mntrrlwfvlaivmavsftvlglmgreiyrqappipervvdasgavlmtrediqtgqlawqsmggqqngsiwghggyvapdwsadqlhreattlldiwgrrdhgapyaalsgeaqaslkarlkaafrtntydpetktitvsldraeamrqvkahyvslysdsaeleslreqyaiknaavpdlgrreaiadyywwsawaagtnrpddtvtytsnwpheelidnvpssanvvwsvasvlllifgvgalvfwhartkqedhlkppasdplaslkptpsmkatgkyfltviglfllqvglgavtahyaveghefygiqisdiipyavtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlatglyvaplisghepkfqrlgvnvlwaalvfvvlgsmagewlgvqqvfdlntnwwfghqgweyidlgrfwqillfvglmlwlvlvsralwpalkrpseskpvlavlfmstiaiglfyaasfmwgkhthvsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavislllvnlglvraktanvavlfgtivflfggvlgtahhwyfsgtpvsviaigsvfsalevvplaligaeafenwrhtkaapwvstykwpilffvavafwnllgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttathahsalfgvygmlgiglllfcfrglarreawsdkllgwtfwllngglammvfmsllpvgvvqafasiehgywyarspevihsplvetlvwmrvpgdivfslgaftlaafaarlliggrrprqavqeepaplpiaae
>Pseudomonas_denitrificans_ATCC_13867  coded_by=complement(5554896..5556320),organism=Pseudomonas denitrificans ATCC 13867,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mnpgnpylkfasqsvakpyfvfalmlfvgqiifglimgmqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfafmgaayylipeeadrelyspklaillfwvfaiagvltilgyllvpyaglaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflfnigmtmlkgrktavsvvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaaalwalgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrgigeapdaraqsleiwgfwlmtismllitlmltaagvvqvwlqrlpadgaampfmatvdqlkiffwlrlysgvgffiglicyllsfrqrgrvavasgaaqvs
>Bacillus_sp._1NLA3E  coded_by=complement(133112..135466),organism=Bacillus sp. 1NLA3E,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mdnnrgnqgkpktknallksilitvcilsftvlltggfwifkdmaprpmevtskqgdviltkqsimggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkvytegmqdfkaekqfgksfsnlskdeqavikakvieemrqnryeankdkliltdaqvfgvtkvrdyykgvftkgdgwglkaklikendmpksdrawvsegdqikqisdfffwtawlssterigdditytnnwpyyedagnhmsfssvwwsgasvtllilfvgiilfifyryhlgmkeaytegnfpridlrklpvtnsqlksgkyfvivvalffvqsmfgallahyytepnsffgikwiydilpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvgghepkrqgllvdilfwalvvlvvgsmvgqwlgangylgnnwfllghqgweylelgriwqvilatgmiiwlfivyrgirsglkretdkgglihllfysaiavpffylfaflinpgthytfadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtksstvktlyfqlilllgsgvigighhyyyngsseawigmgavfsalevipltllileaydqykmmrdggidfpykgtfwflisvaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgsmmgvygmfacavllyslrnivkpekwndkwikfscimlnvglagmilisllpvgflqvkeaynqgyaasrassflqkdivqnlltiraipdtifligvatllifcikamfnlrkvthkeneplpvkdlsided
>Bacillus_sp._1NLA3E  coded_by=complement(3174942..3177296),organism=Bacillus sp. 1NLA3E,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mdnnrgnqgkpktknallksilitvcilsftvlltggfwifkdmaprpmevtskqgdviltkqsimggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkvytegmqdfkaekqfgksfsnlskdeqavikakvieemrqnryeankdkliltdaqvfgvtkvrdyykgvftkgdgwglkaklikendmpksdrawvsegdqikqisdfffwtawlssterigdditytnnwpyyedagnhmsfssvwwsgasvtllilfvgiilfifyryhlgmkeaytegnfpridlrklpvtnsqlksgkyfvivvalffvqsmfgallahyytepnsffgikwiydilpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvgghepkrqgllvdilfwalvvlvvgsmvgqwlgangylgnnwfllghqgweylelgriwqvilatgmiiwlfivyrgirsglkretdkgglihllfysaiavpffylfaflinpgthytfadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtksstvktlyfqlilllgsgvigighhyyyngsseawigmgavfsalevipltllileaydqykmmrdggidfpykgtfwflisvaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgsmmgvygmfacavllyslrnivkpekwndkwikfscimlnvglagmilisllpvgflqvkeaynqgyaasrassflqkdivqnlltiraipdtifligvatllifcikamfnlrkvthkeneplpvkdlsided
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus  coded_by=247..2625,organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevnrtvspniqtgrkttnsflksiliftilisstvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgevlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkvytegmqdykakerynkpfadltddeksiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpkanrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfyryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffginwiydilpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdgganfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvvitllpvgilqmkeafihgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvravpdtifligvvallvfaikalfhlrkpthgegeelpvanhwmkdrlkns
>Shewanella_halifaxensis_HAW-EB4  coded_by=4334414..4336708,organism=Shewanella halifaxensis HAW-EB4,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mskqritaialllvliasftvllsigseiyrekppiptafvdnqgqtlfsqndveqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhheaqawlnitakqrfntefakldsqqqagleqalredirknsvitkangeieislsatriaaikqveqhylalfgddpklsslreqyamkegtvpnlerreqlnaflfwgawaavterpdadytytnnwpfdpqigntptsdnvvwsilsivtliagigalvwyhaagkheslptpaeqdplfynkptpsqravgkyfvtaiglfllqillggitahyavegqnfygiplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkyqrlgvnvlwvalvivvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgriwqvlllaglliwlalvtasmrpalkvknemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialmlvrlglirarsanaavlfatvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaligfeavesyrlraaspwmirykwaimffvatafwnlvgagilgflinppialyfiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgqmqwnekllkgafwtmniglaamvfisllpvgivqffavidhgywfarspevihsplvetlvwmrmpgdvlfsfggifmgwflfdiikkalakkkaltviddeqvsaka
>Endozoicomonas_elysicola  coded_by=5014291..5016561,organism=Endozoicomonas elysicola,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msqvdrrawqvlgivfivsfaillwqgqaiyrhappipdkvvsingkllftkedilqgqlvwrsigghetgsiwghgsyvapdwnadwlhrealqlldvfafkdfnqtyqslpehlkasvkartresirtntlnsenrvitlsaertetteamshyyqqlfgnnpefqtlreqyairenpienasyrrqltaflfwttwatstnrpdsditytsnwpheplidntpagallgwsifsivlliagigamawhhaatvrneslpappssdplaqstvtpsmmatrkffgtaialfvlqiilggvtahyavegqefyginlseilpyaitrtwhtqlglfwiattwlgtglyfapllsgaepryqklgvnllygalllvvtgsmagewlgvgqyfnldmnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqialftglllwlalvtraiipalhrnagdkqvlwvfflssiaiglfygaglfmgkhthlalaeywrwwvvhlwveaffevfataviailfvrlglirtqsansavvfattiflvggiigtlhhlyfagvptsviawgasfsalevvplcligleayenyrlrkaatwvkayqwpilffvatafwnlvgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgigllltcmkrlanpacwddrllkwafwslngglaamalttllpigvlqgiasasegywyarspefihqpiihtlvwlrmvgdiifgmgalalagfmaklalgqrkfnannmamde
>Mycobacterium_elephantis  coded_by=complement(51060..53471),organism=Mycobacterium elephantis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mteqfleprptraelaiskgwvqgvalvmvfgflimgvlaartytdsmpmpqrvvgpdgqtlfteqqitegqqiflrrglqqygsvmghggylgpdytaeylrlsadhvgdalrdrgvqdptaavaemmrtnrydeatgtlqftaeqvaafervrahyadifgtdstkygliprvitdsqeindltaffawtawasaaereghsysytnnwppehrvnntptadilvwsamslvallaglgalfalygrwsrkigwhatetpslafrqpgevqitpsqkattwfflvvavlflaqavlggaiehyradlstffgidlaqilpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaasflaagiflapiisgreprrqhwlayallgalfivvagtltgtalstfgvdwakgsiffdqqweyldlprfwqillviglfvwiaiifrsirsrlkteskinmpwlffyaglaipafyavgllagtethltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrrkiaiqlifldvilysmggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsalevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqsrssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfalryvipadrwpdklakisfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlwhsvndgyyearslgyiaqpgnavlewlrmpgdflfiiggvlpflwiawlgvrygikaathtlppetlfveehadaeedrtglaatggggtsryasdrrppapddrdtgasp
>Desulfococcus_multivorans_DSM_2059  coded_by=complement(7508..9778),organism=Desulfococcus multivorans DSM 2059,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
maeqhshpvslsvwwrrsvflvfvvgmavlgfmsvqayrhappipeqvigadgqtiftrqdieegqeiflkyglmqngsiwghgaylgpdfsaqylhelsmdagevlarqkfdnglaeldseqrllidaaipallkenrynpktrqltfldieaasfqrqitfwtdyfsrptgniglptryisdsedirrltaffawtawasvanrpdkpysytnnfpydpmagnhltgdavlwsalsvimllaglalvlvafgkfdylgwkggpeggypqllageptpgqkatikyfavvallflaqvliggalahyraepgdfygidlaqflpsnilrtwhlqlaifwiatayvagglllasslnpeeprghatgihilfwalvvlvvgsllgeffglrqifgslwswfghqgweflelgrfwqiilvvgfsfwlwllyrgvapalkdpkrreitqlfllgaaaipifylpafffgttdnftvvdmwrfwiihlwvegffelfvtilvaltfyqmgvvrritvvriiyldailflsggiigtahhwywtgqtnftmalaamfsalevvpltlltldawdfvkltgtptvegveqrtihhkwafyflmavgfwnfvgagifgflinmpvvsyfeagtiltlnhghaallgafgmlamallvmglrhvltdaqwilpeklvklsfwgmniglalmvltnlfpegilqiwdvlengywharslefmgqdrirmmewismpshlilillgavpmaaaaawtyltvrka
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CGS00  coded_by=215239..217530,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CGS00,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgeliswqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Haloarcula_japonica_DSM_6131  coded_by=57660..59942,organism=Haloarcula japonica DSM 6131,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlivmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgediregkktfqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteyeslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgefeggnieysaaelyahqqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsvslpepsasdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyinillgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgylgdlwwivgnegleylevgklwqvglfvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaiepgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlrrseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Pseudomonas_sp._KG01  coded_by=complement(20794..22215),organism=Pseudomonas sp. KG01,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrsanpylkfqsqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaalaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvmfaftmvkqrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqltaahghlaffgayamivmtlisyamprlrgigeapdprsqtieiwgfwlmvvsmvmitlfltaagavqvwlqrwqvdgvalpfmatvehlqvlfwarlvsgvvfllgllcylysfrqrarvvgapaaivy
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=complement(1945..3294),organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyatqriaywyfacamalfvvqvlvgslagtvyvlpnflseilpfnilrmihtnalivwlllgffgsayylipeeaerdiespmlayaqlailmvgalgavvgytlgihegrefleqplwvkigivvaaliflynvsltvikgrrtaitnvlllglwgiavfflfafynptnlaldklywwyvvhlwvegvwelvmasvlaflvikmtgvdrevvekwlyaivglalfsgllgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapffamvvfaftmawkgrrdhpnkaaflwtlgtpvmaffgagvwgfmhtlswvnyyshgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlaiisyalpslrgrapynqvlnmwsfwimtsamafmtftltfagvvqvhlqrvlgmtymevqeqlalfywmrlgsgifvvvsvlmfvyamfgpargrvpartqasvapae
>Methylococcus_capsulatus_str._Bath  coded_by=complement(2578847..2580292),organism=Methylococcus capsulatus str. Bath,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, B subunit
mrtgiidganlnggqqlavkyfsvalvlflvqmlfgllaaiqfvrpdflynvldfnvnrmvhidamvvwmlygfvgavywlleeesgtrvvglavgnlafwvltvavavvvvvylwvqtgpgndltrwfvnegreyleaprwadlgivamlgvffynvaatfsrgrwsgiagvltldlvalaglycagmfyltnitadqywwwwvihlwveatwevlvgcimawglmhvlgvrrrivetwlyievalmfgsgilglghhyfwigtpdywfsiggffsalepiplvamvvhsvydagvrklrngnhpalawiiahtfgnflgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwtashghlaffgayatiniaffyiamqtwrgniwlgsglagegwkwkgalalinlgvigmtvalliagyeqsfieramegstwrgyfagqmhpwfqqamawrlvfgvvtlagalllvwdlltigvgetrrapqfaaeag
>Actinomyces_viscosus_C505  coded_by=complement(42701..45043),organism=Actinomyces viscosus C505,definition=hypothetical protein
mssaattegassrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpqkvvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkkqlaaegvadpaaatkemmrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayneavshyttmfgpdahghglkpdlitdpvqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwpaeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeevgltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgfdlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarrepkkqhvlvwtlfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfaqqweyldlpfvfqvlltlalfvwvfiiwramrsrlsnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwpeklaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvstgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifilggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdtftedalyeeiqggrkawrgeraelnd
>Arcobacter_butzleri_ED-1  coded_by=1288641..1290875,organism=Arcobacter butzleri ED-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkqqtslkeegvsytkasalayksnkeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgvgglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnesmskwafwlitigvlvyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_354a  coded_by=complement(3181..>5009),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 354a,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
hyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=2160160..2161506,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mryetqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagaavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtlkagrshpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayavpqlrqrapynqwlsiasfwimctamlvmtfaltfagilqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrakpavipgalqpae
>Legionella_pneumophila_str._Lens  coded_by=2470377..2472719,organism=Legionella pneumophila str. Lens,definition=hypothetical protein
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnvlkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdflfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynvglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Achromobacter_sp._DMS1  coded_by=7809..10097,organism=Achromobacter sp. DMS1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrklwfiliavlavtfsllgyygaevyrqappipqrvdtadgrtlftqkdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaaqarygmpyaeldaprqaglreelraeyrgnradpatgaltvsarraqamaqtaayydqlfsdapalhesrehfamkentlpsaqrraqlahfffwtawaaaterpgheatytnnwpheplignhpsaeniiwsiasvvillagvgllvwgwaflrehdeplpapaaqdplttfaltpsqralgkylflvaalfvfqvfiggftahytvegqkfygvdvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkhqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqvmppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigklagiafwlllmvrgiapafrkpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafvfstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgyeawenwrlrerapwmanlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpdyvlrqglmktafwglnlglalmiltsllpigiiqfhasvsqglwyarseafmqqdilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiagavsmalqvvlgllgraripalprdaaavgvpr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR2243  coded_by=2942679..2944730,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR2243,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflalaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehlirasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrplgvlav
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR62  coded_by=2167626..2169677,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR62,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflalaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehlirasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrplgvlav
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._Fw109-5  coded_by=complement(2813627..2815909),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mshkgraillftivaaftvlifggakinehkppipervvsasgevvmtgedirqgqlqylsrggqqtgsiwghgaylapdwsadalhriglaaaglavgrapgdaaaytqerlealppgergrveaevaaelrqnrydpatgtltlspgqaaafpalvryytqlfaegsdamsiprgfvadpaaaramtsfffwtawsagtnrpgetfsytanfpfdplvgnrplpsslvwsilsvvllilgtfaaiyaylrlrakdheepvrvvplaepkptpsqratlpfflvaillfivqallgsvtghyavegnklfgieigqllpyaatrgwhlqlavfwiatcwlatglfigpavsghepkgqkalvytllgalvvvvvgalagtylgvrgklsgpngwlvghqgyeyielgrvwqvaliggmllwlalvyravkpalaaekdkgglthlllyasvtiplfysvglfytpgthiavadywrwwvvhlwvenffevfatvalafilarigavgakaalratyfsillylgsgiigtfhhlyftgsplfitalgatfsaleivpltllgfevyenlklarsgenasawrwplyffvavafwnavgagvlgflinppivlyyaqglnttpihshgalfgvygflaialmlfsmrnivrkdawndgllkgafwglngglagmivfsllpagiyqfaigiekglwyarspevtgsafihavtwarvvpdvvflcgagllltfvvraivkdvalrradeagerstvrraa
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=complement(4362235..4363581),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvallyfygaltlflaqvtfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgcayylvpeeaenelfspllaklqfwlffgaagaavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfvikigivvvcliflfnitmtvlkgrkttitnillfglwgvaifflfafynpinlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftvqmtwkagrkhenraallwsvgcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlammtyaipqlrgrapynqalsiasfwlmctamsvmtfaltfagiiqvhlqrvlgqsfmevqdqvalfywvrlgsgvavlisalmfvwailvagrtkqatltgvlqpae
>Acidovorax_sp._Root267  coded_by=complement(225372..227657),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root267,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipakiataggevlfthdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwldvaaerahgkpfaeldapaqavlrdrmkteyrtntyhpetgvatvssvradaiamtalyydqlfsdvpalhktrehfamkentlpsaerraqmtgfffwtawaaaterpgttatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwsflrkhdeveptppqhdplsrvpltpsqralgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqqfyginvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpayqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgiafwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrtpwmarlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfserlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatslfpialfqfhasvseglwyargeefmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalamawqvvsgvfgsrapaatagvylaesrr
>Lactobacillus_coryniformis_subsp._coryniformis_CECT_5711  coded_by=complement(6280..8634),organism=Lactobacillus coryniformis subsp. coryniformis CECT 5711,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mvknnytykrltkvlvgtlvtafsiliaggllifkneaprpakivttagetlvtrnellsgqavyekygladygtylgngsylgpdytaqslhiylqgmdnyyahkfyqhsfkslstykrdaikdkvrheikinrysaakktltltaaqtagyqhltkyyrhefinnprqaglpenmintkktdafmykgnkvnhlasfffwgawmsstnrpgqnysytnnwpydldagntmssesliwtaisvallvagvgviiyyqrryafdmeatyasaaempaldtdfaitqsqrkiakfflvvvglflvqillgelmahyyveneffgiplqniwpfnlakawhlqlvifwvattwlatgiyivprvlrrepkrqgllvdllfwaliivvvgsmlgewastlgllnhnwwlfgqfgweyielgkfwqilfiigmalwviilmrgfipamkrpdnydrkrlitllfcgaiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdlkltttrstvralyfqltlllgsgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsalevvplclllweaythyrvfkdsaiafpykgtfvflmwtgvwnaigagalgfiinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaimlyalrnisqqkiwtpkmdklvnwsawlmniglagmvfitllpagylqlkdalehgywharllsfyqsspvfeilwarivpdlvftagviilivivvkvlrnlkpadnakaaahfaavtaeeakadakqnn
>Pseudomonas_sp._M1  coded_by=1586107..1588386,organism=Pseudomonas sp. M1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgeyrklwwaliavlgvtfcilgwfgrevyrqappipaqvrsetgetlftgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldigaheqydkafgeldgdqqavllarlkreyrgnraedgvltlsarrveairhtadyyialfgddpalqhsrksfamkegtlpdlarrqelthfffwtawaaaterpgsaatytnnwpheplignqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrgheeaepepplqdplslmaltpsqralgkylllvvglfgfqvllggatahytvegqdfygiplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkhqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfignylaiaqlmppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlllmlrgilpafakpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglaygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifsnmglvsgraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvalyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlhfnerlmktafwclngglvlmlatsllpigiiqfhasasvglwyarseefmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdlvfivgalsmawqvvtgvlspsgkpvkvfaeggvqeqv
>Rothia_aeria_F0474  coded_by=complement(35041..37452),organism=Rothia aeria F0474,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
makkpvtreeiakvtrrtdavgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimailamrtyalsmplpdkiigndgkviataeqiqhgqelyqsrglqqygsvlghgayigpdftaeylrlttdaavkqyreegkqeprelvknewrkenkydessktlnwtagqtkgfdqmvnhyrdtltkdntsqglfpnaikseeelhdlvaffgwtawasaaerpnqdytytnnwpaeanvdnkptadlmvwsalslialvggtglmfaiygrwsrtigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaaglffitilvlfllqalvgaltehyrveltgffgidmgqlipytvsrtwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifiaplitrkepkkqglltvilfvavvfvvlgsllnewlsqkgwvpensifsqqweyldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlssrlktgkktsmpwlflfsglaipmfyavgmlagqrthfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysaggvvgtmhhtyfagtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfalrylipenkwpekgvkfsfwalnigliwmvfisllplgvaqlyhsvgqgyyearslayiqsdanlimdwlrmpgdviflagilpliklawlgitsyfapknketvlelpepplyemvddariaefagakaadelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(83583..85868),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpykklwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappiplevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggklvlsprraqavaqtgayydqlfsdapalhasrehyamkentlpdarrrqqlthfffwtawaaateragtvvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagigllvwawaflrgkeepepeapaqdplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhlqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwcarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlrveparr
>Actinomyces_naeslundii_str._Howell_279  coded_by=complement(1735..4077),organism=Actinomyces naeslundii str. Howell 279,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mssaataegatsrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpervvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkeqlasqgvddpaaatkemlrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayndavghytkmfgpdahshglkpdlitdpvqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwppeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeeigltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgldlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarreprrqhvlvwtlfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfsqqweyldlpfvfqvlltvalfvwvfiiwramrrrlsnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpvdkwpeklaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdtfaedalyeeikggrkawrgeraelnd
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=complement(27931..29424),organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mfrsqhlsykyalfayflfglqglvasggaidllfpdlgnpipfvsgrafhlnvsiywpligmigamyfffcqeaerefyslklitinfwilastlglilgslllgfnegreyleaiwplklataactillcfnllttylasdmprsratlismvtgsvtliifyvpnivsyahptvdeiakfmvvhiweemsleligtgvlaalliqvtkvkrqavetaiylditfailagilatghhyywigvpsywlwiggtfsamqvlpaivllyttvksmtfkeifdlsnrdkitlsligssmfyhifgagflgflmaypplnryvhgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlalcfhilfteiilvkkmyrwcwgaiislnaglltmgiglliagglqvyfwrviglgigetnefirpylfirafggflyaigsltltfvviksiwpkiqvifqsegrlsvincddlhrmhrlvgdllqeekkiepllkriqvlyqsllffnkek
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=complement(3519322..3520815),organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mfrsqhlsykyalfayflfglqglvasggaidllfpdlgnpipfvsgrafhlnvsiywpligmigamyfffcqeaerefyslklitinfwilastlglilgslllgfnegreyleaiwplklataactillcfnllttylasdmprsratlismvtgsvtliifyvpnivsyahptvdeiakfmvvhiweemsleligtgvlaalliqvtkvkrqavetaiylditfailagilatghhyywigvpsywlwiggtfsamqvlpaivllyttvksmtfkeifdlsnrdkitlsligssmfyhifgagflgflmaypplnryvhgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlalcfhilfteiilvkkmyrwcwgaiislnaglltmgiglliagglqvyfwrviglgigetnefirpylfirafggflyaigsltltfvviksiwpkiqvifqsegrlsvincddlhrmhrlvgdllqeekkiepllkriqvlyqsllffnkek
>Shimwellia_blattae_DSM_4481_=_NBRC_105725  coded_by=1621..3852,organism=Shimwellia blattae DSM 4481 = NBRC 105725,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
mhysrrlwltllvtcllsfgvllwlggeiyqqappipervvtpdgttvytgeqiqngqqawfaaggqqlgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalrniiaqdhfhatydalsneqqlvasglmkqemrqntynaqrnvivispqraqailqlsehydglfsdapafhklrveyamkentlssavarndlsafffwsawaattdrpgdsitytsnwpheelvgntpspslgiwsvasvilllggigalvwyhvrdedetvkisplkdplfnvkltpsmrattkyfyvvialflvqillgsmtahygvegqdffgiplsrilpytvlrswhtqlsvlwiatawlatgiyiaplisgheprfqragvnilfiallvlvvgslafgwlgtmgyldarqnfyigsqgleftnmgrmwqwllfigliiwlllvgralwpalshpsenrglitlmflaavciglfyasslmwgyrahyaiieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifcrlglvrpsaadkatlfstiiflfggilgtlhhlyftgapisviawgsifsalevvplsmvgieaahnyrllskapwvqryrwmifffvsvafwnmvgagllgfainppislyyvqglnltaahghaalfgvygllgiglmlfclrglmedhiwmdsllkwafwlmnigltmmvfltlvpvgiyqawasvdkglwyarsaevvhssvvetlvwlrvpgdilfgfgglslavfalrllmkrr
>Shewanella_sp._MR-7  coded_by=complement(1007391..1009676),organism=Shewanella sp. MR-7,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mskqkltaiallvvliasftvllsvgseiyrekppiptaftdvngqvvfskndieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaeawldiraeqqyktpfaqlnsqqkagleqalredlrhnsvepqadgtvlirlsstrieainrveqhylslfgsdpelsnlreqyamkegtvpdlarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdapytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggliwhhasgkheslpkpseqdplfftkptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefyglpiseilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkyqrlgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqilllaglliwlalvtaaikpalkvqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhanlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsangavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkasgwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagmlgflinppislyyiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgnmqwndkmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywfarspevihsplverlvwmrmfgdvifsiggllmgaflldlirkalnkpakmqqevlqtnh
>Rothia_mucilaginosa  coded_by=2260140..2262551,organism=Rothia mucilaginosa,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
matkpvsraqaakiarrsdtvgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimavlamrtyalsmplpdkivgndgktiatqeqilhgqelfqgrglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlttdaavkeyreqgkqdprelvknewrkenkydeqsktitwsagqtkgyqlmlkhyretlmkgdtsqglfphaikndeelhdivaffgwtawasaadrpdqpysytnnwpsepnvdnkptadlmvwsalslialiggtglmfaiygrwsraigwhaeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaacllfatilvlfllqalvgaltehyreeltgffgidmgqllpytvsrtwhlqlslfwtagaflaggifiaplitrrepkkqglltyvligavvfvvlgsllnewfsqkglvptnsifsqqwefldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlsarlkgskktslpwlflfsglaipmfyavgllagqrthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysvggvigtlhhtyfvgtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahasmmgvygmlaiafavfglrylipedkwpekglkfsfwtlnigllwmsfisllplgiaqlyksvgegyyearsfafihdgasavmgwmrmpgdviflvgiipliklallalqaifskkgketvlelpepplyevvedariaefagakaaeelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Methylacidiphilum_infernorum_V4  coded_by=40718..42142,organism=Methylacidiphilum infernorum V4,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mlsmknpgilyesqklalwywalavvlfgfqlifgliisyqylqpeflhkifnfsvgrllhlnamilwllfgfiggiywflpletqreivglflgkmafvliavavgivvgvfllvqigkadwvtlwfitegreyieaprwadigivavfsiiffnvlatiwkaqklkgilwvltldllaiigfyiagmfftpnisvdqfwwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgvlvawvlmavldtprkilegwlylevflvfgtgilglghhyfwigapeywlgiggffsaleplplvamvvhavydagmhrltttnkpaffwivfqsfgnflgagvwgfmhtlpqinlyshgtqitaahghlaffgayvatniamiytalqkirlskggnldgrlwrwtfvgfilsifgitapltvagfaqtfieravggstwqayingqlhpwvkeamawrfgfgimfficylmlvidlctigkqpvdkenthcl
>Prevotella_sp._oral_taxon_299_str._F0039  coded_by=593504..595762,organism=Prevotella sp. oral taxon 299 str. F0039,definition=hypothetical protein
mtpkklwlalaaviigsfavlgfygveifremppfpnkvvtekgetlfegqdikdgqnvwqsvggqtvgsvwghgayvapdwtadylhreselmlnalakkdgkeysklseadkakykvllqeelrkntydpntgiitysemraqvarelrnyyakvflnapemaklraayamrdksieavdgltaeqrldkmdaffawsswvcvtnrpgsdvsytnnwphdpvigntaptslhlwsgfsvllllfcvgilvyyytqhkeehvskvpesdpmrelkptasmravlkyiwvvgalmlvqmlsgvitahygvegdaffglpiqnifpyavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgvepkyqalgvnvlfgalvfvvagslagqwfgvmqklglvenfwlghqgyeyvelgrlwqillltglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdenrhlltlfviaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvasflfcrlgllkvksatisvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligieayhnyqlskatpwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfsinppialyflqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfvlrglypdyewndklmgasfwciniglllmtvvsilpigilqahesitnaywsarsaefmqqdimqtlrwlrvpgdlfvaigevllvlfiiglqfgwsrkgrr
>Variovorax_sp._Root434  coded_by=complement(12980..15292),organism=Variovorax sp. Root434,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtnnnrlwrwlafifvlsfgalgylgvqiyltappipnavvsaggepiftgeqirrgqqvwlsaggqqlgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavalrnrhaqayrkdfdslgpsdrgalaatvldemrrnsydstsgtitvsadraqairevaahydalfgsdsalatlrgqyamttgtlperadrqaltafffwtswaaatdrpgetglsytsnwpheplvgntmtssaavwsmtsiclllaaiaamlwlhgsrkhepeaqppkadpllgavatpsmkatrkyffaviglmllqiamgvitahyavegqsffglplaellpyvvsrtvhtqigifwiatawlatglyiapllsgreprlqklgvdvlfwaliaivvgstltgwlgtlqhrgidfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrfwqvllfvgllfwvfllgralwpalvkpsasrgliamvflsatciggfystslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvrtesanraiiaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgavfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrsqalpwlaaykwivmcfvavgfwntigagvlgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyerqlhadrllrpafwslniglammvflsllpagiyqawasvtrglwyarsaeivhsrvmemlvwmrvpgdivfavgavllaayalrllrrpaaqaapqapvrgqgrkglavqaghaaeq
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR840  coded_by=3075934..3078255,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR840,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpheplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvpwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Alicycliphilus_sp._B1  coded_by=complement(544080..545684),organism=Alicycliphilus sp. B1,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB/NorZ-like protein
mvwsimsvvimmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeqdpvppahdplsrvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvfiggftahytlegqkfygidlsqwfpyaltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvcvgsfignylaiahilpkewsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiafwlllmaraifpallapngqdknllalltssvvciglfygtglfygerthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsyrmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhktpwmanlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpqmvfnerlmktgfwwlnaglvlmistsllpiglfqfhasvthglwyarseeflqqpfletlrwirtfgdvvfitgalcvawqvasavlfgartpaapstgalagasr
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_12700  coded_by=50104..52350,organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 12700,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mknrqrklwiaftivmlfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvpievrttngeivltasdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadflhrealylleyyaqekynksyenssleeqaylkahlqanirantydkvtgvltiteernkarlhlqeyytklftddpeftqlrkdyaipnnaltdptrlkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdndvsythnwpaeelvgnvattpliawsgvsvillifavgvlvyyhvaskqeeedmvpmedpvsngtvtksmtilkkyfwvvcllmllqvglgiitahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyiapavggkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivlgsmigqwfgimqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlalmirpllpvlkekgshrnliilfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstivfmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsiyrdikwnekllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftvgifaivlfvfkltlkksnhdk
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_3837  coded_by=54402..56648,organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 3837,definition=hypothetical protein
mknrqrklwiaftivmlfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvpievrttngeivltasdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadflhrealylleyyaqekynksyenssleeqaylkahlqanirantydkvtgvltiteernkarlhlqeyytklftddpeftqlrkdyaipnnaltdptrlkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdndvsythnwpaeelvgnvattpliawsgvsvillifavgvlvyyhvaskqeeedmvpmedpvsngtvtksmtilkkyfwvvcllmllqvglgiitahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyiapavggkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivlgsmigqwfgimqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlalmirpllpvlkekgshrnliilfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstivfmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsiyrdikwnekllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftvgifaivlfvfkltlkksnhdk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=1897431..1898777,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
mryetqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaaaaavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfgmwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtlkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayavpqlrqrapynqwlsiasfwimctammvmtfaltfagilqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrakqavipgalqpae
>Desulfovibrio_sp._TomC  coded_by=complement(27652..29946),organism=Desulfovibrio sp. TomC,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mpsdgtsetslspwwrkgvvaalvigfaleiliafqsyrnappvpdsvrdgsgqvvftgadivagqqiflkyglmengsiwghgaylgpdfsaqylhelglsvsrglapqrfgrdfealspqereilgkevslllkenrydekaktlrltpfeaqafrqqiaawtgyftdsaasgglpakyisdakelhdltaffawtawasianrpdqdfsytnnfpydpalgntptsqtvlwsalslitlltgialvlsafgkfdylgwkgtgehvhpqmlpgvatpgqrglvkyflaaallflfqvmvggatahfradpgsfygfdlttilpsnllrtwhlqsaifwiatsfvagglllgqalgdkeprgqaglvhglfwalvlvvagslfgelaglrqwlgdlwfwfghqgweyldlgrgwqillaigligwvlmllrsvmpalldpnrreittlfllaalaipvfylpafffgattnftvvdnwrfwiihlwvegffelfvtvmvavtffrlgmvsrttaarviyldailflgsgivgtghhwyfsgqsnlnmslsalfsamevvpltlltldawdfvkltrshcdvcgrqvniphkwafyflmavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyfevgtlltpnhghmalmgvfgmealalmvlcfrqvltdeqwagpqrlirisfwglniglammaagslfpggvlqvydvlqngywhargldylnrdltrliewgrmpgdvvfiaagvvpmvlaamltywrmkttapaaggav
>Caldisphaera_lagunensis_DSM_15908  coded_by=834068..836260,organism=Caldisphaera lagunensis DSM 15908,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msqmqnnstrlvliavifvfifafalyaytfrnfppvpnevitqngtvlftkqqiimgkyyfqkyglmdygsiegmgayfgtdftgytlrlmqdsiakqtyldpvsqnnmpssynatelneikdyldptyykqnntivvsnqfgnayyyainyysiylgpnssqyrlkpdlitnktviqdltayftwsalismmgytngfpytigltsptnnayfstfamvgaifavgiplivyiirellshwndpvvkvdlpkpnkdqklalwvmliaaigsgvqgllgayvmhlystpnlygldllsllpfnvaralhiwlaiywisltwvmfslfvlpyfglkisrktmiiiialgiftalgsllgvwasylqlipspwwfifgaegrdvievgsfwlilitalllyvsylfykaskitvdllkpfskvlsylllgdaigifigalpivkpwpyftedeffrwifvhanvegfwpgiviavltlllvlqglipaglakvvvtidavteiltgmigtahhyywtgfpvvwmyigailsvleaiplgmamayvilaarrnkgnalnqfqktlitfvlaagiggsvgvtvfgaglinapiinyfthdlqftmahahlafplayglptilmwvvaytlsggfnerdlkylsiasivytvgfylqalisllplgilqwiyelkygfwyiktlttpnghigfwnlqivqnliwlrmigdltaasaiaivillmlirfpkaiks
>Legionella_pneumophila  coded_by=196382..198724,organism=Legionella pneumophila,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhtianetpvqknhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayseltegeqyvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliystlttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaagegktwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila_str._Paris  coded_by=2515261..2517603,organism=Legionella pneumophila str. Paris,definition=hypothetical protein
mhtianetpvqknhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayseltegeqyvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliystlttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaagegktwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Elizabethkingia_anophelis  coded_by=30580..32823,organism=Elizabethkingia anophelis,definition=putative Nitric oxide reductase
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipgkvittegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillqkelrtntfdeasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdayaipvntvkdtgrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallvivlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Elizabethkingia_anophelis  coded_by=complement(58600..60843),organism=Elizabethkingia anophelis,definition=putative Nitric oxide reductase
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipgkvittegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillqkelrtntfdeasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdayaipvntvkdtgrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallvivlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=51568..53844,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfctdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaattdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgvawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_UW551  coded_by=complement(21722..23998),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum UW551,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfctdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaattdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgvawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=13827..16103,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfctdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaattdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgvawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=complement(45948..48224),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfctdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaattdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgvawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=complement(7736..10012),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfctdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaattdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgvawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=complement(24020..26296),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfctdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaattdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgvawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Brucella_melitensis_548  coded_by=complement(10828..12177),organism=Brucella melitensis 548,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_neotomae_5K33  coded_by=complement(591508..592857),organism=Brucella neotomae 5K33,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_neotomae_5K33  coded_by=10653..12002,organism=Brucella neotomae 5K33,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._2_str._63/9  coded_by=complement(61877..63226),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 2 str. 63/9,definition=cytochrome c oxidase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK22/06  coded_by=complement(579873..581222),organism=Brucella melitensis UK22/06,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_sp._UK5/01  coded_by=77736..79085,organism=Brucella sp. UK5/01,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_sp._UK38/05  coded_by=68414..69763,organism=Brucella sp. UK38/05,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK19/04  coded_by=complement(572525..573874),organism=Brucella melitensis UK19/04,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_R3/07-2  coded_by=complement(528206..529555),organism=Brucella melitensis R3/07-2,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F3/02  coded_by=complement(218473..219822),organism=Brucella melitensis F3/02,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F6/05-6  coded_by=complement(349487..350836),organism=Brucella melitensis F6/05-6,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F10/05-2  coded_by=complement(107599..108948),organism=Brucella melitensis F10/05-2,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_ceti_TE28753-12  coded_by=complement(1019701..1021050),organism=Brucella ceti TE28753-12,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_64/150  coded_by=complement(218474..219823),organism=Brucella melitensis 64/150,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_66/59  coded_by=complement(579339..580688),organism=Brucella melitensis 66/59,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_290  coded_by=complement(279621..280970),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 290,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_1076  coded_by=complement(571648..572997),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 1076,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_1120  coded_by=complement(571658..573007),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 1120,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F5/07-239A  coded_by=complement(363211..364560),organism=Brucella melitensis F5/07-239A,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F2/06-6  coded_by=complement(95958..97307),organism=Brucella melitensis F2/06-6,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_sp._UK40/99  coded_by=74355..75704,organism=Brucella sp. UK40/99,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_sp._F5/06  coded_by=complement(140360..141709),organism=Brucella sp. F5/06,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK29/05  coded_by=complement(801534..802883),organism=Brucella melitensis UK29/05,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK3/06  coded_by=complement(801652..803001),organism=Brucella melitensis UK3/06,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK31/99  coded_by=complement(282525..283874),organism=Brucella melitensis UK31/99,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK37/05  coded_by=complement(579356..580705),organism=Brucella melitensis UK37/05,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_sp._F8/99  coded_by=74090..75439,organism=Brucella sp. F8/99,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F9/05  coded_by=complement(579630..580979),organism=Brucella melitensis F9/05,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_Uk24/06  coded_by=complement(572301..573650),organism=Brucella melitensis Uk24/06,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F8/01-155  coded_by=complement(579392..580741),organism=Brucella melitensis F8/01-155,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK22/04  coded_by=complement(279880..281229),organism=Brucella melitensis UK22/04,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK23/06  coded_by=complement(572538..573887),organism=Brucella melitensis UK23/06,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F10/06-16  coded_by=complement(801520..802869),organism=Brucella melitensis F10/06-16,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F1/06_B10  coded_by=complement(279640..280989),organism=Brucella melitensis F1/06 B10,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_UK14/06  coded_by=complement(279644..280993),organism=Brucella melitensis UK14/06,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_BG2_(S27)  coded_by=complement(579285..580634),organism=Brucella melitensis BG2 (S27),definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_B115  coded_by=complement(571883..573232),organism=Brucella melitensis B115,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_F15/06-7  coded_by=complement(279603..280952),organism=Brucella melitensis F15/06-7,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_M28  coded_by=231271..232620,organism=Brucella melitensis M28,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_M5-90  coded_by=231275..232624,organism=Brucella melitensis M5-90,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._1_str._16M  coded_by=complement(1037676..1039025),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit b
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_microti_CCM_4915  coded_by=232803..234152,organism=Brucella microti CCM 4915,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_NI  coded_by=230000..231349,organism=Brucella melitensis NI,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_02-7258  coded_by=complement(279466..280815),organism=Brucella melitensis 02-7258,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_02-5863-1  coded_by=complement(579446..580795),organism=Brucella melitensis 02-5863-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_11-1823-3434  coded_by=complement(282338..283687),organism=Brucella melitensis 11-1823-3434,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_ATCC_23457  coded_by=231186..232535,organism=Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=73817..75166,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=138796..140145,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(193295..194644),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(59171..60520),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(91102..92451),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_pinnipedialis_B2/94  coded_by=232976..234325,organism=Brucella pinnipedialis B2/94,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=146612..147961,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=146639..147988,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=329089..330438,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._1_str._16M  coded_by=178652..180001,organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._3_str._Ether  coded_by=complement(1112090..1113439),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 3 str. Ether,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._2_str._63/9  coded_by=704047..705396,organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 2 str. 63/9,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_pinnipedialis  coded_by=complement(149377..150726),organism=Brucella pinnipedialis,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=16549..17898,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_ceti_TE10759-12  coded_by=complement(1020009..1021358),organism=Brucella ceti TE10759-12,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(37733..39082),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=66135..67484,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Mycobacterium_sp._JLS  coded_by=complement(1645308..1647659),organism=Mycobacterium sp. JLS,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
maidtsgtvgrsageekqpvigkgwvqavalvmifgffimgilayrtytasmpmpdrvvdesgqelftgaditrgqelfqarglmqygsvhghgaylgpdytadylrraaddvtaqferageaqvqdrvveefrtnrfddrtktlvftdrqaaafdriqqhyvahfgadarknglspdlitdpeeirdltaffawsawasaaerpghnytytnnwpaeprvdngptadlivwsalsliallggtgilfavygrwsqrigwhaedapaisyhqpgevvltrsqratvwffaivsvlflaqallgaltehyradlssffgldlarwlpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifltpfitrreprrqhwlaygllgavalvvfgslisealsifgvipegtllsqqweyldlprlwqillivglflwiaivwrglrsslktssktsmpwmfffaglaipafyavgllagsdthfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrqrialgiifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqtgdtkpfphrwsvmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavgmamfafryiipadkwpeklarlsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitqpgnvllewmrmpgdivfigggilpllwiawvaiksfwqgrntayvdelpdeplytelpaaaaarnagdttp
>Zhouia_amylolytica_AD3  coded_by=complement(500662..502905),organism=Zhouia amylolytica AD3,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mnrerklwigfalvmlisfsvlgyygyqiyqesppipklivsenneviftqedikdgqniwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhrealfilnkyaqndfqtnydelnpeqqaalkirlqnnlrpntydestqtitvseerveaikhlsdyykglftndpkfnqlrkdyaipinsisdetkmskmnafffwatwatvterpgsnisythnwpadelvgnkptrdllawsgvsiillilcigimvfyhvksgedenipapaedpllkqgitpsmklvkkyfwivsllmvlqmvlgivtahygvegdgfygipldqilpysisrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavsgkdpkfqtfginflfiallvivlgsmagqwmgvmqklnlvdnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflliglflwlalmtrplipvlkkktkeknliimflisctaiasfyaaglmwgrqtniaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlnvllatiifmsggilgtfhhlyftgtptavmalgatfsaleivpltligyeayhnyklskatkwledykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrslyrniqwndkllkisfwslnigllamallsllpigvwqaiesiehgmwyarsaellqhptmnilkwmrsvgdiifavgmvatcwfvfqltlknkkirs
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_JR-1  coded_by=complement(185242..187500),organism=Pseudomonas mandelii JR-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrrlwwiligilgvtfcllgwfgreiyrqappipqyiqsvdghtlfkaddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawlelaatdsydrpyaelgeeqqaflqhqlkreyrsnrvidgtlvlsarrsqameqtatyydalfggdptlhssrqsfamkevtlpdparrkqmtrfffwtawaaaterdgqnatftnnwphepligntptaeniiwsmasiimlvagvgflvwawaflrkhddaepvapardpislvtltpsqkalgkylllvgalfgfqvmmggltahytvegqdfygiplskwfpysltrtwhlqsamfwiatgflaaglflgpiinggkdprwqklgvdllfwalvvviigsycgnflaiaqllpaewsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagivfwlvlmlramvpalrspgdknllallacsvvaiglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatsalafiftsmglvskrmattatlasaslfmlggvpgtfhhiyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplillgheawenwrlrdrapwmervrwplqffvacafwnmlgagvfgflinppialfyiqglnttplhahaalfgvygflalgfgllilryirpdlrfnnrlmtvgfwwlnaglllmiftsllpiglmqfyasasqglwyarseafmqqdlmqtlrwmrtigdvvfmvgafaviaqitrglmwtsskalvseav
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21342  coded_by=12063..14354,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21342,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeperelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0889S  coded_by=12380..14671,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0889S,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeperelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21275  coded_by=complement(109945..112236),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21275,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeperelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii_subsp._freudenreichii  coded_by=2438694..2441108,organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. freudenreichii,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mpsknqptteqvaktkrraetvsayaskgwvqavafvmllgfgimaalamrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=977..3391,organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mpsknqptteqvaktkrraetvsayaskgwvqavafvmllgfgimaalamrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=977..3391,organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mpsknqptteqvaktkrraetvsayaskgwvqavafvmllgfgimaalamrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii  coded_by=977..3391,organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mpsknqptteqvaktkrraetvsayaskgwvqavafvmllgfgimaalamrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisteqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraigyitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Haloarcula_vallismortis_ATCC_29715  coded_by=100258..102540,organism=Haloarcula vallismortis ATCC 29715,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlvvmgagawvayqeappipeevvgpdgetvitgedirdgkktfqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteydslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyahqqvrqeyveryhegshergvpeemidseadarqfadfalwtawfshtdrpdgehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsvslpepsadglsvpdpgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyinillgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwvvgnegleylevgklwqvgllvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlairpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlraseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Rothia_dentocariosa_ATCC_17931  coded_by=complement(2070639..2073050),organism=Rothia dentocariosa ATCC 17931,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
makktvtrgeiakitrrtdavgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimavlamrtyalsmplpdkivgndgkviataeqiqhgqelyqsrglqqygsvlghgayigpdftaeylrkttdaavdkyrsegkqepreivknewrhenkydessktltwtegqtkgfslmtdhykdtltrgdtslglfpnaiksdeelhdltaffgwtawasaaerpnqdytytnnwpaepnvdnkptadlmvwsalslialiggtgllfaiygrwsrtigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevkltpsqkaaglffitiivlfllqalvgaltehyrveidgffginmgellpytvsrtwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifiaplitrkepkkqglltvvlfvavvivvlgsllnewfsqkgwipentifaqqweyldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlssrlksgkktsmpwlflfsglaipmfyavgmlagqrthfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysaggvvgtmhhtyfagtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfalrylipenkwpekglkfsfwalnigliwmvfisllplgvaqlyksvgegyyearsfafihdgstvimdwlrlpgdviflagimpllklawlgitsyfsqknketvlelpepplyelvdderiaefagakaadelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Alcanivorax_dieselolei_B5  coded_by=3401609..3403882,organism=Alcanivorax dieselolei B5,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorB-like protein
mahyrklwwtliavlaatfallgyfgtevyrkappipdrvvtedgtvlmtrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelihwlelaaqerygqsydaldsehqamlqralrdayrtntfqqsdgtltvssrraeamaltadyysrlfgdapelrgtrqsyamkegtlpsesrrqaltqfffwtawaaaterpdgdatytnnwpheslidnvptaeniiwsivsvilliagvgflilgwaflrrhdedeppapardplslvsltpsqkalgkylflvvalfvfqvfvggavahytvegqhfygfelsqyfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimpenlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgigpalrkpgdkhllvlltasvtaiglfygagffygerthlsimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifynlglvsrtvatgaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawehsklrerapwmdqmkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirphlrfsdrlmrngfwllniglvlmittsllpvgliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalavawqvvsgvlfgsrasalapaeana
>Achromobacter_sp._Root565  coded_by=148523..150808,organism=Achromobacter sp. Root565,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrklwftliavvaitfallgfyggevyrqappipgqvvtsdgralfgredildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardehgqayaqlpapqqaalrealkaeyranrsdaatdtltitprrakaieqtaayydqlfsdapalqgsresfamkentlpdatrrtqlthfffwtawaaateregmpvtytnnwpheplignqpsaenvmwsiisvvvllagigflvwawafmrgqeeeepqapardpltafaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkfqkvgvdilfwalvlvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppelnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgyeawenwrlktraawmdnlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalnpglmklafwgmniglvlmiftsllpvgliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdllktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvmqvilgllsskpalveprltpkaarg
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_17588_=_LMG_11199  coded_by=complement(3762545..3763969),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 17588 = LMG 11199,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=complement(6175..7599),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=NorB
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=complement(3811175..3812599),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=11716..13140,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(3823878..3825302),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_4166  coded_by=complement(3871600..3873024),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 4166,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Candidatus_Koribacter_versatilis_Ellin345  coded_by=complement(402997..405282),organism=Candidatus Koribacter versatilis Ellin345,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mqfkklwialgfvlvasfvvlggvgykaiksappipsqvvttdgrvlftgsyiqdgqnvwqsiggqeigtiwghgsyvapdwtadylhreamfildgsapqlgaagyealpaeqkaalqarlqtsmrrntyntetgtitvtperaaaydklaayygdvfgngrvqyaipqgalvdvakqkqmaaffwwtawaastdrpgqnysytqnwpheelignrptsatmvwsiisfvlllggvgalvwyfgskkeseehepaaphrdpllglratpsqratvkyfvvvgilwvlqvglgaitahygvegtsffgiplakvlpytisrtwhlqiaifwiatswlatglfiapavggsepkgqrlgvnilfvalvavvfgslagewlgiqqklgnlwfwfgaqgyeyvdlgrvwqillfgglvfwlwlmyralkpalakrdenypllmlflvssiaiptfyaaglmygqrshlvtaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflftrlqllrvksatravlfstviflsggiigtfhhlyfagmptsvlalgavfsalevvplvligfeawenlrltrsntnspwlgmykwpvyffvavafwnfvgaglfgfminppvalyylqglnttpvhghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclralkpgmpwkekplaiafwcinigllamvllsvlpvgliqawasvengtwyarsaeflntplmttlkwmripgdtifavgalflgwfilglltghsyetgdvkakvrlmdaqevagd
>Caulobacter_segnis_ATCC_21756  coded_by=complement(3296601..3298871),organism=Caulobacter segnis ATCC 21756,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mntrrlwfvlalvmavsftvlglmgreihrqappiptrvvdasgqvlltkadietgqlawqsmggqqvgsiwghggyvapdwsadqvhreatalldiwarrdfkaaydalsperqaalrerlkreirtntydaktgvvtvsgdraqamrqvrghyetllgsdpalealreqyaiangavkdptrrtaiaafywwtgwaastnrpgevisytanwphealigntptaptivwsvasvillifavgalafwhartksedhlvapdkdplaamkptpsmkatgkyfltviglfllqvglgavtahysveghaffgvpisdiipyavtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyvapmisghepkgqklgvdllwvalvvvvlgsmagewlgvqqvfdlnanwwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqillfvglmkwlvlvgralwpalkapseskpvlwilflstiaiglfygagfmwgkhthismveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisllmvklglvraksangavlfgtivflfggvlgtahhwyfagtpvsviaigsvfsalevvplaligaeafetfrhtraapwvatyrwpilffvavsfwnllgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttathghaalfgvygmlgiglllfcfrglarreawddrllaatfwmlngglammlflsllpvgviqaiasiehglwfarspavihsplvqvlvwmrvpgdvvfaggaftlaifaakllvgarrraigkaaspvaae
>Tatlockia_micdadei  coded_by=1710936..1713275,organism=Tatlockia micdadei,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mnlaqdrvvsdadkvsnvlkwillitaitcfagliwgtyktyqlapplpqqfltssakvvmtsddiiagkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgqlteeeigqqrfgqsfinlseeeqyisrktmqqalqqinlsqqttvlpdpvataifklqseisqsllnhnletgwtkaysldaqsalqtadfliysslttvahrphqnssytnnwpyeptvgnnptsstfywtwvsfcfvffgfgailyiyhrylaipdnaaktpillefkpltasqrkvgqyfvivalvllaqigvgaimahyytertgfyginingflpfnflrdvhiqtpivwialswissavflapiiskqeakgqgflvdllfwvtlfivggaivgnylgimgyvnqswfwignqglsyiqlgrlwqigfclglflwsfivfrgmwptweqlktataefwtgrirlehmlwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaatayllmgtglvsrllaertmyfetiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpdiwvplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehhqlikrqgsftynlaclylfgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllglgliyfclryaagerlpwderlgiwafwlyniglllwivlnffpvgwaqlmdvyehglaharslefynttllwqwlrlpgdvifalgallmtydffkklkpffprlakmnreqeiqfrsfdknanlq
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=complement(128594..130087),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mfrsqhlsykyalfayflfglqglvasggaidllfpdlgnpipfasgrafhlnvsiywpligmigamyfffcqeaerefyslklitinfwmlagtlglilgslllgfnegreyleaiwplklataactillcfnllttylasdmprsratlismvtgsvtliifyvpnivsyahptvdeiakfmvvhiweemsleligtgvlaalliqvtkvkrqavetaiylditfavlagiiatghhyywigvpsywlwlggtfsamqvlpaivllyttvksitfkgifdlsyrdkitmfligssmfyhifgagflgflmaypplnryvhgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlavcfhilfteimlgkkmyrwcwgaiislnaglltmglglliagglqvyfwrviglsigetnefirpylfirafggflyaigsltltfvviksiwpkiqvifqsegrlsivkcddlhrmhglveellqeekkiepllkriqvlyqrlllfdkek
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=2434..3927,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mfrsqhlsykyalfayflfglqglvasggaidllfpdlgnpipfasgrafhlnvsiywpligmigamyfffcqeaerefyslklitinfwmlagtlglilgslllgfnegreyleaiwplklataactillcfnllttylasdmprsratlismvtgsvtliifyvpnivsyahptvdeiakfmvvhiweemsleligtgvlaalliqvtkvkrqavetaiylditfavlagiiatghhyywigvpsywlwlggtfsamqvlpaivllyttvksitfkgifdlsyrdkitmfligssmfyhifgagflgflmaypplnryvhgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlavcfhilfteimlgkkmyrwcwgaiislnaglltmglglliagglqvyfwrviglsigetnefirpylfirafggflyaigsltltfvviksiwpkiqvifqsegrlsivkcddlhrmhglveellqeekkiepllkriqvlyqrlllfdkek
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=138723..140216,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mfrsqhlsykyalfayflfglqglvasggaidllfpdlgnpipfasgrafhlnvsiywpligmigamyfffcqeaerefyslklitinfwmlagtlglilgslllgfnegreyleaiwplklataactillcfnllttylasdmprsratlismvtgsvtliifyvpnivsyahptvdeiakfmvvhiweemsleligtgvlaalliqvtkvkrqavetaiylditfavlagiiatghhyywigvpsywlwlggtfsamqvlpaivllyttvksitfkgifdlsyrdkitmfligssmfyhifgagflgflmaypplnryvhgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlavcfhilfteimlgkkmyrwcwgaiislnaglltmglglliagglqvyfwrviglsigetnefirpylfirafggflyaigsltltfvviksiwpkiqvifqsegrlsivkcddlhrmhglveellqeekkiepllkriqvlyqrlllfdkek
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=273742..275235,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mfrsqhlsykyalfayflfglqglvasggaidllfpdlgnpipfasgrafhlnvsiywpligmigamyfffcqeaerefyslklitinfwmlagtlglilgslllgfnegreyleaiwplklataactillcfnllttylasdmprsratlismvtgsvtliifyvpnivsyahptvdeiakfmvvhiweemsleligtgvlaalliqvtkvkrqavetaiylditfavlagiiatghhyywigvpsywlwlggtfsamqvlpaivllyttvksitfkgifdlsyrdkitmfligssmfyhifgagflgflmaypplnryvhgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlavcfhilfteimlgkkmyrwcwgaiislnaglltmglglliagglqvyfwrviglsigetnefirpylfirafggflyaigsltltfvviksiwpkiqvifqsegrlsivkcddlhrmhglveellqeekkiepllkriqvlyqrlllfdkek
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=2439..3932,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mfrsqhlsykyalfayflfglqglvasggaidllfpdlgnpipfasgrafhlnvsiywpligmigamyfffcqeaerefyslklitinfwmlagtlglilgslllgfnegreyleaiwplklataactillcfnllttylasdmprsratlismvtgsvtliifyvpnivsyahptvdeiakfmvvhiweemsleligtgvlaalliqvtkvkrqavetaiylditfavlagiiatghhyywigvpsywlwlggtfsamqvlpaivllyttvksitfkgifdlsyrdkitmfligssmfyhifgagflgflmaypplnryvhgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlavcfhilfteimlgkkmyrwcwgaiislnaglltmglglliagglqvyfwrviglsigetnefirpylfirafggflyaigsltltfvviksiwpkiqvifqsegrlsivkcddlhrmhglveellqeekkiepllkriqvlyqrlllfdkek
>Mycobacterium_kansasii_ATCC_12478  coded_by=complement(4923771..4926113),organism=Mycobacterium kansasii ATCC 12478,definition=nitric oxide reductase
madqqtssspipsrqssrpligkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytaampmpdkvvtesgqvlftgdditrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatddvadqlraqgvadprdrvvtefrtnrynpdtktlvftdrqaaafgriqnhyaayfgenstkygllpqlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkysytnnwpaeqrvdngptaavilwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaevsnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipqggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfyavgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgstveelpehplytevraeptsgvkspard
>Mycobacterium_kansasii_662  coded_by=complement(4880211..4882553),organism=Mycobacterium kansasii 662,definition=nitric oxide reductase
madqqtssspipsrqssrpligkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytaampmpdkvvtesgqvlftgdditrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatddvadqlraqgvadprdrvvtefrtnrynpdtktlvftdrqaaafgriqnhyaayfgenstkygllpqlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkysytnnwpaeqrvdngptaavilwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaevsnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipqggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfyavgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgstveelpehplytevraeptsgvkspard
>Mycobacterium_kansasii_824  coded_by=complement(4899869..4902211),organism=Mycobacterium kansasii 824,definition=nitric oxide reductase
madqqtssspipsrqssrpligkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytaampmpdkvvtesgqvlftgdditrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatddvadqlraqgvadprdrvvtefrtnrynpdtktlvftdrqaaafgriqnhyaayfgenstkygllpqlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkysytnnwpaeqrvdngptaavilwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaevsnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipqggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfyavgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgstveelpehplytevraeptsgvkspard
>Mycobacterium_kansasii  coded_by=complement(30480..32822),organism=Mycobacterium kansasii,definition=nitric oxide reductase
madqqtssspipsrqssrpligkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytaampmpdkvvtesgqvlftgdditrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatddvadqlraqgvadprdrvvtefrtnrynpdtktlvftdrqaaafgriqnhyaayfgenstkygllpqlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkysytnnwpaeqrvdngptaavilwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaevsnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipqggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfyavgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgstveelpehplytevraeptsgvkspard
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM220  coded_by=complement(3010..5265),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM220,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3131  coded_by=complement(3274..5529),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3131,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3164  coded_by=complement(3313..5568),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3164,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3222  coded_by=complement(3321..5576),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3222,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3158  coded_by=complement(3095..5350),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3158,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM271  coded_by=complement(3323..5578),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM271,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Imtechella_halotolerans_K1  coded_by=complement(62718..64058),organism=Imtechella halotolerans K1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqkvaywffglcmllftlqivygfimgfarigmdglhdiipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvnvklayvqlislalvgvvaivgyhfnywegrkfleipreldylvvvnvllflglilatlfkgkrrtttalvltmglvfaallylpgmiwfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsyllikltgvdreviekwlyviigltflsgllgtghhyyyigvnkiwlivggifsaleplaflamalfavymyrkgekshpnkvalfwtigasivsfigagllgfahtlpqtniythgtlvtamhghyafwgayamivlaiisyampnitgrkrfdsklahaafwlsnvgmlgmtvafgvagvaqvylerkfkmefmevqseievhfvvlllcaslfatgiglyiyeffkygkpsdealkvnth
>Thiobacillus_denitrificans_ATCC_25259  coded_by=864780..866150,organism=Thiobacillus denitrificans ATCC 25259,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyrsqavaywyfavamglfglqiafgllaaakylgpdplinvlpfdvmkvvhtnllvvwvltgfmggtywivpeesrtelysvklayvqlglwvvmgvtaiigyffrwgtgtklleqplphkivivvvmlmflynilmtirrsgrftttegvligglgmaavlylpalipfdnyaiatfyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqgsmlayllirltgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagvigtahhyywigvphywlpiggifsalepvalvgmaiyaysamrrsglqhpntlavhwtagsavftlfgagllglahtwpginkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmavisytlpsfsghrsergeplgywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylervlglgfletqlkiqvhflmllaagtifalgaglfiwnffryrptfealaaeptaplqparaav
>Waddlia_chondrophila_WSU_86-1044  coded_by=527826..530117,organism=Waddlia chondrophila WSU 86-1044,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
msfdleknekispwwryisllvlvigftilgavtkvaydntppipkqvvdssgqviftgdqvirgqgvflkknlmehgtlwghgaylgpdysashlheqtlfmqeyladkiyqkpfdqldsfergsvlreipkilkenrydsesdsllfteveaksyehsinvwknyfasekaqglpkgyisdpeelsdlssffawaswasaanrpgedftytnnfpydpvagnypsadaylwsaisllfiigvtglvlfivskfgfgwgekskqqhicetyltlptltasqratgkffviaiflflfqsliggllahyrveptfygfpiadflpynllrtwhlqlaifwiatawvaaglfiapllseheprnqalgvnllfgallivvvgslfgeflssrdfftgdwwfwfgnqgseyldlgrfwqyllivgfsfwlyllfgalkpafrlprrrelsilfflasstipifyvpavfynhethftlidnwrfwiihlwvegffevfatvlvaiialqmgiiraitalriiyldvilyllggvvgtghhwyftgqtnlnmalsacfsamevvpltlltmearhfirvthskcekcghymaekqlwtvyfliavgvwnfvgagmfgflinlpvisyfevgtnltpnhghaamfgvfgmlalgatmfcmramqdeevwkynktlikigfwglnggmglmvvldlfpagvlqlwdamqngywhareltflmsgyfytlewmrmagdlififvgvvptviailraflscgfskqkvaa
>Geobacillus_sp._C56-T3  coded_by=complement(2928194..2930557),organism=Geobacillus sp. C56-T3,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnvrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvmkemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksnrawvadgdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkadkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgereelpvanlaeee
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus_M21127  coded_by=complement(85921..88161),organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus M21127,definition=putative quinol dependent nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfadlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvenntvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredeqdppipevdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslirtwhiqsalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmnrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwirlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL096PA3  coded_by=12650..14983,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL096PA3,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._5_U_42AFAA  coded_by=complement(75465..77798),organism=Propionibacterium sp. 5_U_42AFAA,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL087PA2  coded_by=12643..14976,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL087PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL005PA3  coded_by=12645..14978,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL005PA3,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL005PA2  coded_by=complement(70383..72716),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL005PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL020PA1  coded_by=12638..14971,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL020PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL027PA2  coded_by=complement(16035..18368),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL027PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL013PA2  coded_by=complement(30670..33003),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL013PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL063PA1  coded_by=12678..15011,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL063PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL2003  coded_by=complement(2091014..2093347),organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL2003,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes  coded_by=complement(75979..78312),organism=Propionibacterium acnes,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Roseovarius_tolerans  coded_by=complement(4212..5561),organism=Roseovarius tolerans,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalyyfvaamalfgiqvlggllagwvyvspnflaeilpfniirmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflipeesereiwspklayiqliilvvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaalifllnismtvlagkktaitnvllmglwllsllwvfafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlaiftyampmlrerapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvvgdyymqvqdslsvfylmrfgagaavvigallflysmlvvrkseviapgpanpvpge
>Achromobacter_cycloclastes  coded_by=428..1774,organism=Achromobacter cycloclastes,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqvlfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelystkiaiaqfwifliaaaiavvgylmhihegrefleqpfaikvgivivalmflynitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpinlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwimctamsamtfaltfagvlqahlqrvlgesymdvqdqlalfywirlgsgavvlisalmfiwavlvpgrerseklagvvqpae
>Sulfolobus_solfataricus_98/2  coded_by=complement(2201943..2204063),organism=Sulfolobus solfataricus 98/2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein protein
makrikgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyialagytlthlppipsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqttdpptikvdgpayssitdsetsrwvvsnnyvkayntlynelcnilynnssnyglkpnlvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpyipqqtqpsvnvslstwimvivllavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagiqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnitralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgillsynelipspywfifgaqgrpndadqgtfwlllvalilllasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlvppslatmaasidsaseilsgmigtahhyyfggepvfwmylgasaailevvpilfltyyafllwrrgeaktefqktlvattlisaigggfvgaiiggasilnapiinyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsngikenelktlrimiliyaigfilqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfylqpilnlivwlrivgdivagfaatviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Sulfolobus_solfataricus  coded_by=complement(2260202..2262322),organism=Sulfolobus solfataricus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
makrikgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyialagytlthlppipsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqttdpptikvdgpayssitdsetsrwvvsnnyvkayntlynelcnilynnssnyglkpnlvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpyipqqtqpsvnvslstwimvivllavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagiqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnitralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgillsynelipspywfifgaqgrpndadqgtfwlllvalilllasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlvppslatmaasidsaseilsgmigtahhyyfggepvfwmylgasaailevvpilfltyyafllwrrgeaktefqktlvattlisaigggfvgaiiggasilnapiinyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsngikenelktlrimiliyaigfilqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfylqpilnlivwlrivgdivagfaatviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Sulfolobus_solfataricus  coded_by=complement(2260191..2262311),organism=Sulfolobus solfataricus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
makrikgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyialagytlthlppipsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqttdpptikvdgpayssitdsetsrwvvsnnyvkayntlynelcnilynnssnyglkpnlvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpyipqqtqpsvnvslstwimvivllavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagiqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnitralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgillsynelipspywfifgaqgrpndadqgtfwlllvalilllasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlvppslatmaasidsaseilsgmigtahhyyfggepvfwmylgasaailevvpilfltyyafllwrrgeaktefqktlvattlisaigggfvgaiiggasilnapiinyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsngikenelktlrimiliyaigfilqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfylqpilnlivwlrivgdivagfaatviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Sulfolobus_solfataricus  coded_by=complement(2260175..2262295),organism=Sulfolobus solfataricus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
makrikgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyialagytlthlppipsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqttdpptikvdgpayssitdsetsrwvvsnnyvkayntlynelcnilynnssnyglkpnlvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpyipqqtqpsvnvslstwimvivllavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagiqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnitralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgillsynelipspywfifgaqgrpndadqgtfwlllvalilllasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlvppslatmaasidsaseilsgmigtahhyyfggepvfwmylgasaailevvpilfltyyafllwrrgeaktefqktlvattlisaigggfvgaiiggasilnapiinyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsngikenelktlrimiliyaigfilqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfylqpilnlivwlrivgdivagfaatviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus  coded_by=154010..156295,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelvsgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1328  coded_by=complement(1688377..1690665),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1328,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntivsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqht
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(14724..17009),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddilagqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdasrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_DSM_43988  coded_by=complement(26661..28952),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae DSM 43988,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreativldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvlmlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_C7_(beta)  coded_by=complement(2347468..2349759),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae C7 (beta),definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreativldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvlmlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._mitis_str._ISS_3319  coded_by=complement(132849..135140),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. mitis str. ISS 3319,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreativldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvlmlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae  coded_by=complement(2311925..2314216),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreativldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvlmlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL060PA1  coded_by=12752..15085,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL060PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsatgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrivdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Arcobacter_butzleri_7h1h  coded_by=1298842..1301076,organism=Arcobacter butzleri 7h1h,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnfislddmkkasikarviqdvkkqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgvgglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegkkfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnesmskwafwlitigvivyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=52147..54432,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvmraeparr
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(4428..6683),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2588..4843),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4099..6354,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Roseobacter_denitrificans_OCh_114  coded_by=complement(1483583..1484953),organism=Roseobacter denitrificans OCh 114,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqsialvyfavalglfaiqvsgglllgwiyvspnflseilpfnivrmlhtnslivwlllgfmgaayfvipeesereihspllaylqlaimvlgtlgvvvtylfnlfegnwllgkegrefleqpvwvkmgivvaalifmynismtvlqgrktaitnvlllglwgltllflfafynpsnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegtwelvmasvlaflmlkltgvdreiiekwlylivatalfsgilgtghhyfwigtpgywqwigsifsalevvpffgmmafafvmvwkgrkdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhginyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaifsyafpilrkrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmtfmtfvltfagtvqthaqrvqgdyfmdvqdaitifywmrfgsgiavvlgallfiyavavprkeiispsdkqpvaae
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=102630..104051,organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase B subunit
mkdknglyesqklaigywitalclfgiqlifgliiayqyirpeflhnllnfsicrmihlntmilwllfgfiggiywflpleterevvgiflgkiafivltcavgivalvflfvqigkgemltlwlitegreyieaprwadigivavfsiiffnvfasiwkakklkgmlwvltvdllaiigfyiagmffspnisvdqfwwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgvlvgwilmtvlgtprkiiegwlylevflifgtgilglghhyfwigapeywlgiggffsaleplplvamivhavydagvhrlktvnkpaffwivaqafgnfigagvwgfmhtlpqinlyshgtqltaahghlaffgayvatnlsliytalqkirlhegsvldgslwkwvfigliltmlgitapltvagfaqtfieravggstwqayidgqmhpwfkesmiwrmgfgilffvcylllvidlltigksslnktttlshec
>Methylophilus_sp._Leaf459  coded_by=complement(456369..458651),organism=Methylophilus sp. Leaf459,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdvtkrlwiylgtllvlsfsallwtgseiyreappmpekvlsesgsiiytlediqkgrqvwqsfggmqlgsiwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreaiallniwakssgdnlnyaqlseenqaklqgrlqsrirlntfnektkiitfdkdrarailkvqahfqklfgdesstaslresyamrnntvpnaanrhaltaffwwtswatvtnrpgsqisytnnwpseplvgnkppastfvwsafsvifliagiallgwhhaisqhhsreqlvlpindplrsivvtpsmratakyfwlllslfliqillgsitahyqiegqqqygfnlseilpyaltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgyepkyqrmgvnflwisliaivigsftgqwfavmqkmglkynfwfghqgweysdmgrfwqwylfvglilwlvliarslwpvlrvksesrsivallmlstiaiglfygaalisnehshistieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavlaiiftrlgllptktatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtpmavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayhyyqlghatawmqryrwpimfflavsfwnivgagllgflvnpplslyymqglnltplhghaalfgvygmlgiglvlycirgikpdliwnekmlkvsfwslniglalmailtllpigtlqllaaidhgywyarsadfmqkpiidtlvwmrvpgdiifsigalslcwfilelwlnpkteedsskqnvgein
>Methylophilus_sp._Leaf416  coded_by=complement(462277..464559),organism=Methylophilus sp. Leaf416,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdvtkrlwiylgtllvlsfsallwtgseiyreappmpekvlsesgsiiytlediqkgrqvwqsfggmqlgsiwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreaiallniwakssgdnlnyaqlseenqaklqgrlqsrirlntfnektkiitfdkdrarailkvqahfqklfgdesstaslresyamrnntvpnaanrhaltaffwwtswatvtnrpgsqisytnnwpseplvgnkppastfvwsafsvifliagiallgwhhaisqhhsreqlvlpindplrsivvtpsmratakyfwlllslfliqillgsitahyqiegqqqygfnlseilpyaltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgyepkyqrmgvnflwisliaivigsftgqwfavmqkmglkynfwfghqgweysdmgrfwqwylfvglilwlvliarslwpvlrvksesrsivallmlstiaiglfygaalisnehshistieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavlaiiftrlgllptktatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtpmavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayhyyqlghatawmqryrwpimfflavsfwnivgagllgflvnpplslyymqglnltplhghaalfgvygmlgiglvlycirgikpdliwnekmlkvsfwslniglalmailtllpigtlqllaaidhgywyarsadfmqkpiidtlvwmrvpgdiifsigalslcwfilelwlnpkteedsskqnvgein
>Rhodanobacter_fulvus_Jip2  coded_by=36613..38295,organism=Rhodanobacter fulvus Jip2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqieyqtqrlslrffmlmlvlfvvqviygmilaaqqidptllqgwlnfnvaraehlnlgimwivcgfigaimfvapllakrelvapwlikflfyavigiviwnfftqflaergiagwwlgqpwlqqgleyleagriagvlilvgflilafvvlrtfprvrewnevhwglglgvgalavvwvfglfyvarldlqeyfrwfvvhywvegvwevihisligyflvlmfkadvksvgfavfwgialvwlsglignahhyfwigtpefwqfwgslfsaleplplvfcfwhiyldahtnkrplenapafyfllgstvlelvgagilgfvmtfaltnvwshgtwvtaghahlalfgtfgmlgiaaayyvvpilrkvpqfdqrlgklgfwlvfigvlgmgfafaiggtiqiyvyrilgldwfggdvnramatykvmlplfglvlssgagvlaydlftmgrrlrpqaaddvdarpatgwrrpltgfeagiwllmmwlfgtiitlgllafnlprvrvegdptlpyvlagvgypglllvtllfvwrfiaslearaaapamspplrvlpaqg
>Pseudomonas_sp._P482  coded_by=complement(251914..253341),organism=Pseudomonas sp. P482,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mnvanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhsprlaillfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitklgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvmfafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtlevwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqvllqrwaedgsalpfmsttdqlrglfwarlvsgvgflagllcyllsfrqrgraalraparvvps
>Acidovorax_ebreus_TPSY  coded_by=complement(2946226..2947599),organism=Acidovorax ebreus TPSY,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavavalfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkmihtnilivwvlcgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstrlayiqlvlwtvmgvatvvgylfrwgtgnklleqplpskivivivmlmflynvgmtirksgrfttpegvllgglglaavlylpallefhnytvaifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpqywlpiggffsalepvalvgmamyayfamrrsgmahpnklalhwtvgsavftlfgagllglahtfpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyaqpaltrrpeegtsmgylsfwmqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqvhfvmlvitasifaigvalfiidffrhplrlevsasdpvdrpldthraaai
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3843  coded_by=complement(15696..17042),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3843,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
mryetqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvilpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelfspllakiqfwlffgaagaavvgylfhvhegrefleqpfpikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyivhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtlkagrrhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayavpqlrqrapynqwlsiasfwimctammvmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisavmfvwavlvpgrtrqsvipgalqpae
>Methylophaga_nitratireducenticrescens  coded_by=complement(499078..500439),organism=Methylophaga nitratireducenticrescens,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmggtywmvpdesrtelhsvklaylqlilwtgmgvaaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkiiivicmliflyniamtikksgrftttegvlllglgssallffpallhyenytisifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgsflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpqywlpiggffsalepaalvgmaafayaamrrsglahpntlalhwtigstvfalfgagllglahtwpavnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityilpkmtnrseegstlgywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfataglgqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqvhflmliatasiftigvalfifdffryrphfetsheedpvnketver
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=138412..140697,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapaphrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtpvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Halorubrum_saccharovorum  coded_by=complement(5899..8187),organism=Halorubrum saccharovorum,definition=cytochrome B
meltrktiakvivaafllnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgetiatgetvqdgkaafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktqhmreyyaqeehgtgydalssseraavdqtvrddldgahdgsdtvryspaeayaheqvretyveryhegdhdrgvpvemiesteeaedfadfalwtawfshtdrpdgdnsftnewppspaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepsaegiavpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieevfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepknqaryvnvllgalvtvvvggmggiwlgangyfdgqlwwllgnegleylevgkvwqggllvgfvlwavlairglkplldrepvyglahmilyaggsitllfiagffftpstnmavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnlltrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramtetggfpytlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvaymlqlsidperwdgswlrasfwlwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqlevaftesyaaarslafyegslvqtlfwarlpgdtllilgtaiyfadlirkrfvlrssaddpsvddmavaegvlddd
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root401  coded_by=complement(13899..15326),organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root401,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalvlfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmtdgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Acetonema_longum_DSM_6540  coded_by=454..1899,organism=Acetonema longum DSM 6540,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mfiskklcykyalttfllfglqgimslggglttafpdfpspipytagrsfhlnisimwplfgmmgivyyffcseagreiyslklieanywlflatiliilgslllgfnqgieylealpilkvgvaisismllynlfrtyrasampksratlvsilagsltlvvffipnilgyshpvaeefikfwvvhlweemslellgfgvlaaalvtlpgmqravlenvlyldmsimvitgifatghhyywiggpyywiwvggafsavqivptllllyslvktvktkyffrlgqretivmamiacsmfyhifgagvlgflmaipsvnryihgtyitsahshlalfgvfgflvlalsyyiffaeipldqksyqysgmgillinggllimaisllasggmqayfwhvsgfsvaqtrqvifpwlvlrlaggltytagsslltyviikkawshfplcfpplqslkalpglgfeelhgrfrqlavtagrleqale
>Roseobacter_denitrificans  coded_by=430..>1731,organism=Roseobacter denitrificans,definition=NorB homologue
mkyqsqsialvyfavalglfaiqvsgglllgwiyvspnflseilpfnivrmlhtnslivwlllgfmgaayfvipeesereihspllaylqlaimvlgtlgvvvtylfnlfegnwllgkegrefleqpvwvkmgivvaalifmynismtvlqgrktaitnvlllglwgltllflfafynpsnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegtwelvmasvlaflmlkltgvdreiiekwlylivatalfsgilgtghhyfwigtpgywqwigsifsalevvpffgmmafafvmvwkgrkdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhginyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaifsyafpilrkrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmtfmtfvltfagtvqthaqrvqgdyfmdvqdaitifywmrfgsgiavvlgallfi
>Pelomonas_sp._Root1444  coded_by=1184570..1186843,organism=Pelomonas sp. Root1444,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mksthrlwrwlglifvlsfgclgylgyqiylfappipkqvvtadgdvlytgeqiqlgqqawmaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavtlqslrtaeqqragtlsdsdkaavaagvrtemrrntyddsngtvtvtparaqairevashyeglfgtdpklaqlrdhyamtegtlpdkahrqaltafffwsawaattdrpneaglsytsnwpheplvgntmstsaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwlhkgdsheetaqvpkadpllgakatpsmkatrkyffivialmllqigmgivtahyavegqsffglplaqvlpytvsrtvhtqigifwiatawlatglyvapllsgrepklqklgvdalfwalivvvlgstvtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwfgnqgleftsmgrfwqillfvgllfwvfllgralwpalkkpsetrgliamvflsatciggfyassltwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftnlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlywtgtptsviavgavfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrsknvawlgaykwvimsfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglydralhadkflkpafwslniglammvfmsllpsgiyqayhaittglwyarspevihskvmetfvwlrvpgdivfaagsvllavyaihllrrtsskaapvgaipaaaer
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_323  coded_by=65683..67926,organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 323,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpedeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelaayytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCGE-LA001  coded_by=1676..3022,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCGE-LA001,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalilflaqvlfglvagtiyvlpntlsallpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpinlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasilaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqlkgrapynqwlsmasfwimctammvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgqgymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatisaalqpae
>Psychrobacter_sp._PRwf-1  coded_by=1857063..1859342,organism=Psychrobacter sp. PRwf-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mgeykkywwgliailivtfsflgwggveiyrtappiperfvdnqgqtivtkddimagqsawqrtggqqlgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawrniksnelyavdydaatedqkavldaqvkkeyrssavdehntvvlsktrieainhiapyymsvygddpefqktrenfamknntitsvearekltnfffwtawvasaerpgttatytnnwphepiignkpttenlmwsvasvvfliagvglliwgwaflrkedhiepklvtpesdpltkiqltpsqkalakygflvvalfifqvfiggfvahytvegqnfygipvadyfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiataflmaglfltpiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlwvaliivcvgsfisqyfsiaeimpakynfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgiliwlvlmsrgilpafknkgdnnllaiffasvvcvglfygsglsygehthltimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifynlglvnkkiatassiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqhkspwmhklkwpimcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslfylqglnttavhshaalfgvygflalgfvllvmryirpdyvfsdtlmktgfwllnlglvlmiatsllpigifqahasiteglwyarsegflqqdflvtlrwirtfgdvifitgavcvalqvvkltfakpshtnyqpnspvnk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK17973  coded_by=complement(<1..2228),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK17973,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK1902  coded_by=2044..>4271,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK1902,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK7461  coded_by=2042..>4269,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK7461,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK28355  coded_by=2702..>4929,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK28355,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK16942  coded_by=1533..>3760,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK16942,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK39420  coded_by=complement(<1..2228),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK39420,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK12684  coded_by=complement(<1..2228),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK12684,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqat
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3189..5444,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfgyqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Legionella_pneumophila_subsp._pneumophila  coded_by=2434121..2436463,organism=Legionella pneumophila subsp. pneumophila,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mhtianetpaqkdhsfdpitnvlkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqhkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkratiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaagesktwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Neisseria_bacilliformis_ATCC_BAA-1200  coded_by=21129..23378,organism=Neisseria bacilliformis ATCC BAA-1200,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwfllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypekvvtasgqvvmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldftaqerygkkyeeldvaqqatlrteladeyrnkgrvkedgtvvisetrkkaidsvapyyitlygndasmkqtrdnfamkdntlpseearkkltnfffwtawsasanrpdkdftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsivlllsgiglllwgysfltkheevqpptedplakieltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfiaqvllggltahytiegqhfygidfsawlpyalartwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapiinggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvlgsyggnflalsdnmpahlnfwfghqgyefldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmvrctfgafkekntdknllaifvasmfgvgvfyapglfygehtpiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatasfafifynmgfirrntataatlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplillgreayehwsyqntapwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvalylkpndhfndslmtwgfwmlngglvgmiatsllpvgaiqaaasithglwyarsedflqqdlletlrwirtlsdlifiaggccfawqatktvfglgkktan
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens  coded_by=7192914..7194260,organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlstllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqlkgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatvpaalqpae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=422354..423700,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlstllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqlkgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatvpaalqpae
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus_M19501  coded_by=complement(18278..20518),organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus M19501,definition=putative quinol dependent nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfsdlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepptpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmiissllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L352  coded_by=complement(15907..18141),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L352,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkkqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgvgglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegkkfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnesmskwafwlitigvivyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkisk
>Sulfurovum_lithotrophicum  coded_by=complement(1990618..1992063),organism=Sulfurovum lithotrophicum,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mltsiktnefagdkgkelgmmyfrvaiilfgaqllmgliaaiqflvpgflfelfdfnvarmvhinalvvwmlyamigsvyfmlsdetgeqlvhaglgklafwvltaavtvvvlvyifiqvgagteasiwlinegreyveaprwadigivvvvlifywnvfatfmkgqktgimtvmvadllalaglyvagmfftdnismdqfwwwwvihlwveatwevfvgvlaayslikiigakreivemwlwievlmlfgsgilgmghhyfwigtpeywweigalfsalepvplvamfvhvlydwgkeqgiakaeghkgavanngpaiawivtnafgnflgagvwgffhtlpqvniythgtqftaahghlaffgayatiligmmylgvqyaygierlkatfkskmgiflivfgvlgmtvaltiagyeqvlveraelgagwtaffaaqelpwfvqamvwraimgvvtfvgfiylvwdlltigkeqkaaqaa
>Bacillus_sp._FJAT-18043  coded_by=complement(1069236..1071524),organism=Bacillus sp. FJAT-18043,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
meykklwlilasvfigsfivllyfggeiyqkkppipnqvvtesgdvvfakediqdgqkvwqriggnevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhrssiwildtwaqeqygndyqslseekqaslkahlkkeirtntynpetenitiseirsksishmsgyyasvfgddpaldeyrekiaipantvsndedmkklnaffwwatwsvetnrpgeditysnnwpgeplidnvptssniiwsvtsiviliagigalvwyyafqrkddliiapkidpllsikqtpsmkatikyfwvvtallvlqiilgvitahyavegngfygiplnewfpysvtrtwhqqigifwiatawlatglyigpaitghepkfqkfgvnflfvallvvvlgsmagewaavkgyitnptgnfyfghqgyeyvdlgrmwqilltiglflwfflmaraiwpalkkkgenrhllilfllasvaipvfyvpglmwgetahlsmvtywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavavlafiftrmglvgtkiattsvllstsiflfggilgtfhhlyfagtpvgvlavgasfsalevvplaligyeafenyrhsfakpwmrrykwpimffvsvsfwnllgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglsgkrpwktkllrfsfwalniglllmaftsllpvgilqaiasiehgmwyarsaeflnqkiihnlvyfrsvgdtifalgvmgiawfvislktgkafvqneedssvknnttdtff
>Elizabethkingia_sp._BM10  coded_by=complement(1817684..1819480),organism=Elizabethkingia sp. BM10,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mavyyeklfmgdpsmdklrnayaipvntvkdigrmqkmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppsslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglilwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlvsvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Candidatus_Solibacter_usitatus_Ellin6076  coded_by=complement(3716690..3718948),organism=Candidatus Solibacter usitatus Ellin6076,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mkrlwisfaavlvisfsvlgwigtriyqempplptrivdtngrvvvadgdigrgqnvwqalggmevgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhressfvltewstnefgrpyeqlspedqgklrgrleqiyrhngydkasntiniapirarafesclahfsdifmnghaayaipsgsvsspermrqfagfifwtawsaaaerpgdtvsythnwpyeplvgnrptgdsvlwtgvsiimllagicamvwwyasqkaaehegpipatdplgawaatpsqratlkyfwvvsglilvqilmgmvtahygvegdgfygmkishilpysvtrtwhvqigifwiatawlaaglfigplisgkepkfqalgvhvlfsalllivvgslagewmsvqnklsdanaflwghqgyeyvdlgrgwqillfvglliwlflvvratlpalkvnsehrsllylfllsagaiglfygagltwgqhthltiveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaffftrlglirpafaaksallsatiflsggiigtchhlyfsgtptvalawgsvfsalevvpltmvaysamedlrngrlapwvqrykwaiyffvsvafwnmvgaglfgfminppialyymqglnttplhghaalfgvygmlgiglmlvclramepraawkegwlrfafwgmniglfimcvgsllpvglaqtwasvekgywyarsseflglpymqtlrwlrvpgdtifavaalvlvafvfvgrsgstahseeplpdavrvpsgd
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_RCH2  coded_by=complement(2442726..2444093),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri RCH2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiisylfrygtgnklleqplphklvivvcmliflynigmtirksgrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlddtepvlaetevhpt
>Haloferax_sp._Arc-Hr  coded_by=74118..76400,organism=Haloferax sp. Arc-Hr,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvvsgdairegktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygesydrldsadqaavadvvkndlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvdmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpggthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvvamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgvesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqstyinvllgaivvvvvggmsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeapyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidadrwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafynrpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root179  coded_by=4307..6616,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root179,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mneaaqpltdddtelspwwlrtvalvmvigfagllavtllayrnappipakvvdaqgavlfsgddirdgqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaealhrlgedtaaaiagtqygkpvaaldarqqaavhaetavtlktnrydaqsgvlqliepeavayrqqigywtdyfkdptkngglkpslitdpaelhqftafvtwaawasvamrpgtdasytnnfpydpsvgnvatgsallwsalsllvllagiatvllafgkfdylgwisrghhvhpqllpgqssrgqralvkffvvvallflmqtlvgggvahfradpgsfygfqlenifpsnllrtwhlqtaifwiatayvaaalflgrslrapddeprwlagwvhvlfaafvvviggsllgvwagieqklgnlwfwlgdqgweylelgrvwqyllvvgllvwfailwvlarpravanvaarplakmfmfaavaipvfyvpalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattivaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldailyflggligtghhwyftghtnfnmslsalfsvlevvpltlltldawdfvrttrgdcdvcgkavavphkwtfyflmavgfwnfvgagmfgfflnlpivsyyevgtqitpthghaalmgvfgmlavalmvfclrqassdarwpgiekyvrvafwgtniglmlmilmslfpsgvmqlwdvlkhgywharsaeyvaiprshlvewlrlpgdlifigfgaiplviasikgwlgvradaraear
>Sphingobium_baderi_LL03  coded_by=88582..90849,organism=Sphingobium baderi LL03,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdrtrqlwiwllsllavsfavlllvgrdisiqapplpakvvtangetvftraemqrgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreslalldlwaqrdlggafeslneehkallqrrlqtemrrntfeastdtitisndravaiervakhyvnlfgndpataelrenyamkndtvpdaghraamtsffwwtawaatterqgrtttytnnwpseplvgnrppsstfiwsafsvtfllagiallgwhhavthgrrekehdlpakdplreiavtpsmratakyfwvvlalflaqimlgamtahyqvegqlvygyeaaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglyiapaisgheprfqalganilwaclliivvgsfagqwlavmqklglernfwfghqgweyvdmgrfwqwflfiglmlwlvlvgralwpalkeksesrhitmlfflsavaiglfygaglfwnehtalsmieywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgliptptatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtsiavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayehwklssatpwmqrykwpvmfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgvglvlfclrgmlpnliwnegvlktsfwcfniglalmalltllplgtlqltaaidkgywyarsaefmqqpvvdllvwlrvpgdivfsagavalawfvaslwlrprsddseaqiaq
>Sphingobium_chungbukense  coded_by=107097..109364,organism=Sphingobium chungbukense,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdrtrqlwiwllsllavsfavlllvgrdisiqapplpakvvtangetvftraemqrgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreslalldlwaqrdlggafeslneehkallqrrlqtemrrntfeastdtitisndravaiervakhyvnlfgndpataelrenyamkndtvpdaghraamtsffwwtawaatterqgrtttytnnwpseplvgnrppsstfiwsafsvtfllagiallgwhhavthgrrekehdlpakdplreiavtpsmratakyfwvvlalflaqimlgamtahyqvegqlvygyeaaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglyiapaisgheprfqalganilwaclliivvgsfagqwlavmqklglernfwfghqgweyvdmgrfwqwflfiglmlwlvlvgralwpalkeksesrhitmlfflsavaiglfygaglfwnehtalsmieywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgliptptatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtsiavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayehwklssatpwmqrykwpvmfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgvglvlfclrgmlpnliwnegvlktsfwcfniglalmalltllplgtlqltaaidkgywyarsaefmqqpvvdllvwlrvpgdivfsagavalawfvaslwlrprsddseaqiaq
>Agrobacterium_tumefaciens  coded_by=complement(59408..60754),organism=Agrobacterium tumefaciens,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaiglfvaqilfgvvaatiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstfyllpeetetelyspklaiaqfwiflvaaavavvgymfrihegrefleqpfaikvgivlvvlmflfnitmtalkgrkttvinillfglwglaifflfafynpinlaldkmywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhenraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlammayaipemkkrapynqwlsmtsfwvmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqiqlqrvmgesfmdvqdqlaifywirlgsgfavlisaimfiwavlvpgkqkqgdvarlvqpae
>Agrobacterium_fabrum_str._C58  coded_by=complement(1525894..1527240),organism=Agrobacterium fabrum str. C58,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaiglfvaqilfgvvaatiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstfyllpeetetelyspklaiaqfwiflvaaavavvgymfrihegrefleqpfaikvgivlvvlmflfnitmtalkgrkttvinillfglwglaifflfafynpinlaldkmywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhenraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlammayaipemkkrapynqwlsmtsfwvmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqiqlqrvmgesfmdvqdqlaifywirlgsgfavlisaimfiwavlvpgkqkqgdvarlvqpae
>Moraxella_catarrhalis  coded_by=294..2570,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis,definition=NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmehlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpehdtpitd
>Burkholderia_oklahomensis_C6786  coded_by=complement(3014656..3016944),organism=Burkholderia oklahomensis C6786,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiyltappipntvvsengrviftgdqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelreawarqqfgapyaklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaasdrltlsdaradatlqvaehyealfgadssldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgvtytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiagmiwyhtahgehdtplavptndplvnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvlmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwivsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgreprlqklgvdalfwalifivvgstvtgwlgtlkhlgtnyafwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknrategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtttsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgiegwqtyrkshaapwiqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgisarsawsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqavqrt
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=<1..2031,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
gayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM79  coded_by=23150..24577,organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM79,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimgvqyvvgdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqadgialpfmatvehlqvlfwarlgaglgffagllcyllsfkqrsraalrapaavvps
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_324_str._F0483  coded_by=29144..31387,organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 324 str. F0483,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtgkklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpedeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelaayyaklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Acidovorax_sp._JS42  coded_by=complement(3628303..3629676),organism=Acidovorax sp. JS42,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mryksqsvaywyfavavalfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkmihtnilivwvlcgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstrlayiqlvlwtvmgvatvvgylfrwgtgnklleqplpskivivivmlmflynvgmtirksgrfttpegvllgglglaavlylpallefhnytvaifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpqywlpiggffsalepvalvgmamyayfamrrsgmahpnklalhwtvgsavftlfgagllglahtfpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyaqpaltrrpeegtamgylsfwmqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqvhfvmlvitasifaigvalfiidffrhplrlevsasdpmdrpldthraaai
>Cellulophaga_algicola_DSM_14237  coded_by=complement(4508363..4510582),organism=Cellulophaga algicola DSM 14237,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mkkvwiafssvvilsfialiwvgtevyqtqppipetvtiketgktvftkadiqigqnvwesiggmevgsiwghgsyvapdwsadwihkeavfmlaawakkdfnstyenldvenkaalkarlikdiktnsynpetgaitisaaryaairsntahytrifsegyeqyaipegaltdqvklaqlnaflfwtswaastnrpnenytytsnwphepligntitpesqiwsgfsivllllfigalsyyyirnhekgdavihpkqdpldtlvltrsqkavlkyfivisllialqvvlgaltvhytvegqaffgfdlssflpysitrtwhtqlavfwiaatwlatglflapmisgkemklqvfginflfialiiivlgsmlgewlgvhqfldlttnfffghqgyeymdlgrfwqiflgiglvlwvlmvgrhvvfaikknddskhlliillisviaigmfffsglmygensslpvinywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatviiafiflrmkilsaktagkasiasatiflaggiigtlhhlyysgtpvqaialgatfsalevvpltlmgfeirenwnllksnewmqkykwpvfffiavafwnmvgagvfgflinppialyyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygllgmgfiiiclrfysdrvwnsvklkrafwflniglvamvvlsllpigiiqaytsitkgysfardaellysptvqtlkwmrmigdiifsvgifyfcwftiqesvycikkkn
>Leptospira_meyeri_serovar_Semaranga_str._Veldrot_Semarang_173  coded_by=1114338..1115687,organism=Leptospira meyeri serovar Semaranga str. Veldrot Semarang 173,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigfdglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqllswvvvgviaiigfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtldsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgknhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlitamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnltgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagitqvylerklgmdflvvqkeivfhfigmllaatlftvgityfivdfirhglpsdeavgknvgdld
>Leptospira_meyeri_serovar_Hardjo_str._Went_5  coded_by=complement(867388..868737),organism=Leptospira meyeri serovar Hardjo str. Went 5,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigfdglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqllswvvvgviaiigfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtldsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgknhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlitamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnltgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagitqvylerklgmdflvvqkeivfhfigmllaatlftvgityfivdfirhglpsdeavgknvgdld
>Geobacillus_sp._Y412MC61  coded_by=12840..15203,organism=Geobacillus sp. Y412MC61,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mevqrsvrpnvrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvmkemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksnrawvadgdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlwrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdrgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgilqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Geobacillus_sp._Y412MC52  coded_by=724943..727306,organism=Geobacillus sp. Y412MC52,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mevqrsvrpnvrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvmkemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksnrawvadgdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlwrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdrgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgilqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Geobacillus_sp._Y412MC61  coded_by=1585001..1587364,organism=Geobacillus sp. Y412MC61,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mevqrsvrpnvrpgrqttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvmkemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksnrawvadgdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlwrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdrgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgilqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_TS44  coded_by=75836..77206,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri TS44,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryksqsvaywyfafamvlfglqivfgllsaskylgpdpllnllpfditktihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrselhstklayiqlglwavmgvsavigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmlmflynigmtirksgrftttegvlllglasaavlylpallhyenytvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpgywlplggffsaleplaligmamyayyamrrsglahpnklalhwtlgsavftlfgagllgfahtfpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamivyalpsltrgreeeggtlgywafwlqltgmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerilgmgyldtqlkiqihflmlvatasifacgvglfiydffrcprrseveadearpggaparpvp
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_1956  coded_by=3905583..3907913,organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare 1956,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtaqptsaqqssseplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_1956  coded_by=1042308..1044638,organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare 1956,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mtaqptsaqqssseplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_avium_2285_(S)  coded_by=complement(96817..99147),organism=Mycobacterium avium 2285 (S),definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mtaqptsaqqssseplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Staphylococcus_aureus_P0218  coded_by=218300..220591,organism=Staphylococcus aureus P0218,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwiiilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum  coded_by=2874324..2875751,organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalvlfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakvtgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtmlkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwavdgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvagvgflggllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Mycobacterium_abscessus_21  coded_by=41511..42965,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus 21,definition=putative membrane protein
mifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialg
>Arthrospira_sp._PCC_8005  coded_by=complement(58483..60609),organism=Arthrospira sp. PCC 8005,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
milsqaeiqqgqetylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagviynsnpvftqedleslpdidratlqiqvekqfktnrydpetkaltlteaqtiglqkvfedyqtwlsqgsvvhsipsgwftdntqihnvtaffawtawaasanrpnapfsytanfphddlignqappqfliwsivsvivliaaiavflfiyltqedpeevqvvterpsirlatpsqkvttlffgvamalflvqilmgmvtahyavegdgfygvplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkneppgqswgngallgaltvvvvgsligawagvqgflgdksfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmyralkpalkaegsktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtplsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvtiaylcselgflkrssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtpvfitamgavasalevvpltligfevvksirlsqeaqgfyrvplkfligtcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslalalmlfalreitpdhagneklfnlsfwginiglvmmmvfglipsgfyqlvqsvnygtwyarsaevinsswmhwtvwlripgdivfslgallmvlcvlrsiiaifqqptqpqpdapltadypm
>Arthrospira_sp._PCC_8005  coded_by=331061..333187,organism=Arthrospira sp. PCC 8005,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
milsqaeiqqgqetylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagviynsnpvftqedleslpdidratlqiqvekqfktnrydpetkaltlteaqtiglqkvfedyqtwlsqgsvvhsipsgwftdntqihnvtaffawtawaasanrpnapfsytanfphddlignqappqfliwsivsvivliaaiavflfiyltqedpeevqvvterpsirlatpsqkvttlffgvamalflvqilmgmvtahyavegdgfygvplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkneppgqswgngallgaltvvvvgsligawagvqgflgdksfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmyralkpalkaegsktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtplsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvtiaylcselgflkrssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtpvfitamgavasalevvpltligfevvksirlsqeaqgfyrvplkfligtcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslalalmlfalreitpdhagneklfnlsfwginiglvmmmvfglipsgfyqlvqsvnygtwyarsaevinsswmhwtvwlripgdivfslgallmvlcvlrsiiaifqqptqpqpdapltadypm
>Sunxiuqinia_dokdonensis  coded_by=complement(124540..126798),organism=Sunxiuqinia dokdonensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mstkklwygfaavmvlsfavllyygyeiyreappipdqvvtesgavvfngqdikdgqnvwqsmgghqvgtiwghgaylapdwtadwlhreamyllnywgqrdfgndyddlereqqaqlearvqkemrtntydpatgnlvisdlraeairevgkhytglfmdgeaeahlreayaipkntikemgrmsqmnsfffwatwatvterpgqeitytnnwppeelvgnrptsalilwtgfsviillagigwlawyyasnkdeeghkevpavnpvsgqklfpsmkatlkyfwivsilmlvqilagvitahygvegsafygipldqwlpysvsrtwhvqigifwiatswlatglffapaisgkepkyqalgvnvlfgallvivvgslagqwmgvmqklgfvenfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfaglfiwlflmgrallpalrektenrhlltmfliasiaiaafygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatviiaylfvrmqligskiatvtvlfstiiflsggilgtfhhlyftgtptavlalgssfsalevvplvlmgfegyhnltlsrsgdwvkaykwpiycfiavafwnflgagifgflinppialyymqglnttpvhghtalfgvygflgiglmlfvlrdmnlaavwkekyvkfafwainiglllmvmisvlpiglaqtwasvkyglwyarsaefmtqpfmgtlkwlrvigdtifafgvlalvyhvfglafgwsfekdsseas
>Halococcus_saccharolyticus_DSM_5350  coded_by=80941..83256,organism=Halococcus saccharolyticus DSM 5350,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mevtrktlakllvvafvfnlivmgagayltyqqspdrperivgpnsdtlttneqivsgkavfqqnglmnhgsilgngayfgadytadaldrlvtnmreyvarerygtpyanldeaqeagvktvverqlsdntiddtielgaaeayayqqvreayveryyggapehgipsgfvsspedarrfadfalwtslfsaserpgsensytnewpfnagagndapasamlwsvfamvilvlgggagiwlyksiqlsepesegidipdpeevtlspsqfaavrfvpvaaalflvqtllgglmahyyieregfygiaqalgidamatlpfaitkawhidlavlwiatlwlgiglflpplltgyepdnqktlihvllgalfvvvvgglvgiwlgaqgyidgslwwllgnegleylevgrvwqvgllvgfalwtalvargfkplldresryglahmiiyaggsigllftasmlytpktsivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffvvavtgialvamnllsrrsaekavileallvmgagvigvshhywwiglpeywvpigslfstlefiplvfilfeainqyraymsagerfpyklpfmfiiasgiwnfvgagalgffinlpiinyyehgtfltvghahasmfgafgflalgmatyllrfttkpgawdptnlkrafwllnaglawmvfvgdipigflqletvftqgydagrslafynrglvqdlfwarlpgdiliilgaavfgydvvrkrfvrreetattsggtiisrrvlgeeadsrrspddd
>Haloferax_alexandrinus_JCM_10717  coded_by=complement(240977..243259),organism=Haloferax alexandrinus JCM 10717,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvgfmrnyyaqerygepydeldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqlrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvvamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaenitvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfvpvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieslfgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvddmavaegilgdd
>Haloferax_lucentense_DSM_14919  coded_by=28407..30689,organism=Haloferax lucentense DSM 14919,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvgfmrnyyaqerygepydeldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqlrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvvamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaenitvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfvpvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieslfgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvddmavaegilgdd
>Staphylococcus_aureus_T44444  coded_by=51167..53458,organism=Staphylococcus aureus T44444,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0590  coded_by=12156..14447,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0590,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0552  coded_by=12134..14425,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0552,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0541  coded_by=12165..14456,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0541,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0522  coded_by=12134..14425,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0522,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0465  coded_by=12165..14456,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0465,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0437  coded_by=12168..14459,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0437,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0426  coded_by=12299..14590,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0426,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0359  coded_by=12156..14447,organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0359,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_FVRH6002  coded_by=12299..14590,organism=Staphylococcus aureus FVRH6002,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_LAMC0011  coded_by=complement(67493..69784),organism=Staphylococcus aureus LAMC0011,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_UCIM6042  coded_by=12134..14425,organism=Staphylococcus aureus UCIM6042,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_SJOS6072  coded_by=12395..14686,organism=Staphylococcus aureus SJOS6072,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_SJOS6053  coded_by=43671..45962,organism=Staphylococcus aureus SJOS6053,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_UCIM6015  coded_by=12376..14667,organism=Staphylococcus aureus UCIM6015,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_WMCS6019  coded_by=complement(196849..199140),organism=Staphylococcus aureus WMCS6019,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_WAMC6102  coded_by=149313..151604,organism=Staphylococcus aureus WAMC6102,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_UCIM6119  coded_by=complement(34805..37096),organism=Staphylococcus aureus UCIM6119,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_KINW6056  coded_by=complement(34978..37269),organism=Staphylococcus aureus KINW6056,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_KINW6066  coded_by=complement(140534..142825),organism=Staphylococcus aureus KINW6066,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_KINW6048  coded_by=12174..14465,organism=Staphylococcus aureus KINW6048,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0594  coded_by=complement(107377..109668),organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0594,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG1500  coded_by=148812..151103,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG1500,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG1242  coded_by=249037..251328,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG1242,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_IS-189  coded_by=complement(40076..42367),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus IS-189,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_IS-157  coded_by=complement(37025..39316),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus IS-157,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG1233  coded_by=12510..14801,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG1233,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG1267  coded_by=247298..249589,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG1267,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG149  coded_by=12616..14907,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG149,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG1214  coded_by=242676..244967,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG1214,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIGC341D  coded_by=248939..251230,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIGC341D,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG1176  coded_by=12127..14418,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG1176,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_IS-125  coded_by=complement(37235..39526),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus IS-125,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21345  coded_by=complement(6389..8680),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21345,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CIG1605  coded_by=242602..244893,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CIG1605,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21178  coded_by=5294..7585,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21178,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21195  coded_by=complement(57621..59912),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21195,definition=nitric oxide reductase family protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=284143..286434,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_MRSA252  coded_by=303513..305804,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus MRSA252,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M1256  coded_by=complement(212549..214840),organism=Staphylococcus aureus M1256,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M1034  coded_by=complement(75590..77881),organism=Staphylococcus aureus M1034,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0946  coded_by=complement(33455..35746),organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0946,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_CN79  coded_by=60143..62434,organism=Staphylococcus aureus CN79,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0513  coded_by=complement(254049..256340),organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0513,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_Z172  coded_by=311444..313735,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus Z172,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_55/2053  coded_by=257163..259454,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 55/2053,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_ATCC_BAA-39  coded_by=148729..151020,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus ATCC BAA-39,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_MN8  coded_by=complement(209101..211392),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus MN8,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_TCH60  coded_by=complement(244959..247250),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus TCH60,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_T0131  coded_by=278303..280594,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus T0131,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_str._JKD6008  coded_by=281360..283651,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. JKD6008,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_TW20  coded_by=313002..315293,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus TW20,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus  coded_by=250540..252831,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_SK1585  coded_by=12072..14363,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus SK1585,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus  coded_by=310889..313180,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=250748..253039,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21230  coded_by=complement(57642..59933),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21230,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_T55954  coded_by=12157..14448,organism=Staphylococcus aureus T55954,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_F42556  coded_by=12157..14448,organism=Staphylococcus aureus F42556,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_T16600  coded_by=4692..6983,organism=Staphylococcus aureus T16600,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_DAR5867  coded_by=12157..14448,organism=Staphylococcus aureus DAR5867,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_F82600  coded_by=12157..14448,organism=Staphylococcus aureus F82600,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_T86574  coded_by=12157..14448,organism=Staphylococcus aureus T86574,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Halorubrum_lipolyticum_DSM_21995  coded_by=33335..35623,organism=Halorubrum lipolyticum DSM 21995,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meltrktiakvivaafllnlvvmgagawfayqeappipeevvgpdgepiatgetvqdgkaafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktehmreyyaqeeygagydslgsseraavdqtvrddldgahgggdtvrysaaeahahervretyveryhegdhdrgvpvgmiesteeaedfadfalwtawfshtdrpdgdnsytnewpyspaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepsaegisvpkpgdvsvfpsqraalrfvpiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieevfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyvtvllgalvtvvvggmggiwlgangyfdgqlwwllgnegleylevgkvwqggllvgfvfwailavrglkplldrepvyglahmilyaggsitllfvagflftpstnmavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnlltrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramtetggfpyklpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlrasfwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqlevaftesyaaarglafyegplvqtlfwarlpgdtllilgtaiyvadlirkrfvlrssaedpsvddmavaegvlddd
>Phaeobacter_gallaeciensis_2.10  coded_by=1316..2674,organism=Phaeobacter gallaeciensis 2.10,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit, cytochrome b
mkyqsqkvaqayficamalfaiqvlggllagwvyvspnflsellpfniirmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayflipeesereiysvklaylqlailmigtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaliflfnvsmtvlagkktaitnvllmglwllsllwifafinpenlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnnaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlsfygayvalnlaiftyampmlrgrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvigdyymdvqdslsifylmrfgagaavvigallfiyallvvrkdeviapgpshkastvage
>Myroides_[odoratimimus]_CIP_103059  coded_by=313797..316043,organism=Myroides [odoratimimus] CIP 103059,definition=hypothetical protein
mnisqrklwiaftvvmvfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvptevrtndgqvvlvasdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadylhrealflldyyaqeeygktyeaaskeeqaflqarlqgmirsntydkvtgvltitpernqarlyleeyysklftddpafdqlrkdyaipnnsikdvarmkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdsevsythnwpaddlvgnkattpllawsgvsiillifavgvlvyyhvaskreeeelvpvddpvsngvttksmtrlkkyfwvvsllmllqvglgiitahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyiapavggkdpkyqvfgvdflfvalliivlgsmvgqwfgimqkldlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqlflfvglflwlalmirplipvlrakgsqrnlivlfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstiifmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpvyfmvavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsmyrevqwndkllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftigifaivlfifkltlkkskhek
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_336_str._F0502  coded_by=complement(202745..204988),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 336 str. F0502,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpedeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelaayytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlrvpgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Porphyromonadaceae_bacterium_ING2-E5B  coded_by=1942975..1945239,organism=Porphyromonadaceae bacterium ING2-E5B,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
msqknlwialsaviifsfavllyygkqiyqkappipvnvvnssgkvlftgqdikdgqniwqsmggqevgtiwghgayvapdwtadylhreakfllnkwsqedhgvefesllpdekafmesrlqrflrentydektgnlvihneryeaflflneyysgifmdnpefdelrasyaiaknsiksedrmnkmstfffwaswacvtnrpgenitythnwppdeqignvptsdlilwtgfsiimllvgigimifvqarsreeeilrpvkdplmnqtitpsmwavkkyfwivnllilaqvllgvitahysvegdgfygidiasfipysitrtwhiqlaifwiatswlatglyiapslsgrdpkhqkigvnvlfvallivvagsligqwfgvmqrldlvnnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqlllvvglflwlalmvrpilpiirkktseksllilfliscaaialfyaaglmwgrttnlavaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfvrlgllgiksatnnvlfatviflsggilgtfhhlyftgtptavmavgatfsalevvplviigfeayhnyrlskatewlkdykwpiyfllsvafwnflgagifgfiinppialyymqglnttpvhghaalfgvygmlgiglilfvlrsmyrkhkwndklisftfwtlniglllmvvlsllpvglmqtvasvkegmwwarsaefmqqpllnvfkwlrtigdtifaigsialflfvyqltimkkrkptekelddkte
>Alcanivorax_dieselolei  coded_by=complement(169042..171342),organism=Alcanivorax dieselolei,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mpmdqqedptmahyrklwwtliavlavtfallgyfgtevyrkappipdrvvtedgtvlmtqddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelihwlelaarerygqsydaldsehqamlqralrdayrtntfqqsdgtltvsnrraeamaltadyysrlfgdapelrgtrqsyamkegtlpsesrrraltqfffwtawaaaterpdgeatytnnwpheplidnvptaeniiwsivsvilliagvgflilgwaflrrhddeppapardplslvsltpsqkalgkylflvvalftfqvflggavahytvegqhfygfelsqyfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimpenlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgigpalrqpgdkhllvlltasvtaiglfygagffygerthlsimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifynlglvsrtvatgaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawehsklrerapwmeqmkwpvacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlrfsdrlmrngfwllniglvlmistsllpvgliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalavawqvvsgvlfgsrapalepaesnt
>Mycobacterium_kansasii_732  coded_by=91422..93665,organism=Mycobacterium kansasii 732,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mifgflvmgilvyrtytaampmpdkvvtesgqvlftgdditrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatddvadqlraqgvagprdrvvtefrtnrynpdtkmlvftdrqaaafgriqnhyaayfgenstkygllpqlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghtysytnnwpaeqrvdngptaavilwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaeasnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygviphggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiiwrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfyavgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgstveelpehplytevqaetsgsaapakd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1979648..1981972,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrnappqparlvapdgsvamtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsctdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1979679..1982003,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrnappqparlvapdgsvamtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsctdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Shewanella_amazonensis_SB2B  coded_by=complement(894026..896302),organism=Shewanella amazonensis SB2B,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
msslrktaiallivliasftvllslgseiyremppipdaftsesgqtlyskndilrgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreaeawlnisaqnqygkafaeldksqqaaleqalrddmrrntlfnngdklevqlsatrieaigqvvehyvalfgddasmqtlreqyamkegtipdlenrqqlnafvfwsawaaiterpgetytytanwpydpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagigglvwyhaagkahplpepakedplfrfkptpsqkavgkyfitaiglfllqivlggitahyavegqqfyglplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkyqrlgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewlgvqqyfsldnnflfghqgyeyvdlgrvwqilllaglmiwltlvtaairpalklqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhtnlamaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialllvrlglirarnanaavlfatvifltggligtlhhlyftgttnsiiawgsifsalevvplaligfeavesyrlrhaapwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagvlgflinppislyfiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgiglmlsclrgltlempwnekllkgafwslnlglaamvfmsllpmgitqffaviengywfarspavihsstvetlvwmrvfgdvifsvgglllamflvdivrkamsrrtvaaiqtsti
>Natrialba_aegyptia_DSM_13077  coded_by=18798..21113,organism=Natrialba aegyptia DSM 13077,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqlsrrqlatflaaifvvnlvvmgggawlsyanepaipdtivgpdgdpvatsddvqsgklvfqenglmnqgsilgrgsyydtdytaetlelktehmreyyaqdrhnetyaalsasvqagidrdvrdelqssrydaetveysaaeayahrqvrqeyveryyegdrqrgvpagqiqsvaaaerfadfalwtawishtdrpdstvsftndwpyspaagndaggpvmtwsviamvilvggagaaiwlyraveipepdtagvsipqpadieltpsqlvstgfilfgaflfavqtflggllahyyverdgffglqevtgfdilqwlpwsivrtwhvdlgilwittiwlgaglflaplltgreppkqalyvkgligallvvaiggvagiwfgihnffggrlwwllgnegleyleigrvwqfgllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigalfiagflytpttnivttefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffivvvialtlvsmnllskaaaekavvfqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefvpllfilyealgqyramdtagpdfpyrtafyfivassvwnflgagvigffinlplisyyqtgtyltvahahgamfgafgllamgmavyilrlttrdagwtsrrlrwsfwlcnvglalmivlsllpigflqletsfthgyaagrslefyndgliqtlfwlrfpgdtllifgaalfawevaakllfrrkkategttdhgiadrivgghesadrasdd
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=628..2904,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrklwwtllavlavtfgilgyfgrevyrqappipdevrsvagdhlfsgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelttwlelgareqygkafgeldedqqavlrnrlqreyrhnrarngvltlserrveairqtatyyvalfgddpalqhsrrsfamkentlpslerreemtrfffwtawaaaterpdsvatytnnwpheplvgnqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrkeeeephpplhdpislvgltpsqkalgkylllvvglftfqvmlgggtahytvegqdfyglplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkhqklgvdilfwalvvvvlgsfvgnflaiaqilppqwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlalmlrgilpafrkpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglsygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvsvraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpglafnerlmktafwclngglvlmlstsllpigiiqfhasvdvglwyarseafmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalsmvwqviigvlaplsstatasvpggverld
>Ruegeria_mobilis_F1926  coded_by=13085..14428,organism=Ruegeria mobilis F1926,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvayayflvamalfaiqvvggllagwiyispntlsellpfniirmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayylvpeeserelfstklayiqlailvvgtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrktaitnillmglwllcllwvfafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailgylmlkmtgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhffwigtpgywqwigsifsvfevipffammsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfythgtqitaahghlafygayvamnlamftyampqlrgrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmcfmtfvltfagtiqthmqrivgdyymevqdqlglfymmrfgagvavvlgallfiysqlvvrreliapgpvttpge
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_P673  coded_by=complement(41731..44007),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum P673,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydtshgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfgtdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkheeeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmllqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgaawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawytlrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Campylobacter_curvus_525.92  coded_by=700644..702884,organism=Campylobacter curvus 525.92,definition=nitric oxide reductase, monomeric type
mreykrywlalvavliigfgflgyygaevyrqsppmvsfvdesgnvvieeesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelmaflqikageiynakyedlndeqkahlkvilkkeyrtntvkngtitlskdriaamnsvaseysalfgndpkfkslreayamkentlpgeadrkdlnnfffwaawatatdrpnseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsvasvviliagigflvwcssfygkhdeekptpisedplsrlaltpsqkalgkylfvaialfvfqfmiggfaahytvegqefygidvsqyipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfvgeylaiahimpinlsfwfghqgyeylelgrvwqlilfiglviwmvlvcrgfvggfkqggdknllaifamsaiavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrmatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyrlqfatswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvalyvfkgkefddklmkigfwslnwglmlmillsllpigihqaiaslnvgmwyarsaeflqsshlqdlrwlrmigdmifiigglcffiqilkfvfgkataka
>Sulfurimonas_autotrophica_DSM_16294  coded_by=393086..394471,organism=Sulfurimonas autotrophica DSM 16294,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkytsqavakpyfifaltllageilfgilmgiqyvwgdflfplipfnvlrmvhtnllivtllfgfmgatyylipeeteselwspklaiitfwifaaagvatilgylfvpyatltewtfnnllptmgrefleqplptkvgivivvlsyilntamtilkgrrtvittvlltgllglavfflfafyvpdnliqdkffwwftvhlwveatwelilgailafvlikvtgvdrehidkwlyliiamtmvsgilgtghhffymgapeywlwigsissaveplpfllmilfaftmarerkiehknkmaltwakgtavmaflgagvwgffhtlapvnmythgtqltaahghlsfygayvmivftvisyampilrgrpygncakaqkvelasfwmmnigmvgltlalsiaglvqifdqrvgtnligfmdsqesiagiymvrlafgflvftglltyfysffvkepavepakv
>Anaeromyxobacter_dehalogenans_2CP-C  coded_by=1611768..1614056,organism=Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans 2CP-C,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mspkaravslfvivacftvlifggaqiskhkppiparavapsgevvftaedvalgqrqylsrggqqtgsvwghgaylapdwsadalhrtglvtagmkrglapadaarftqadltalpagergrveaevaeelrqnrydpatdtltlspgqvaaypalvayytqlfrdgndpmsipagfvpdaadakaitafffwtawaagtnrpgetftytanfpfdplvgngplpsslvwsivsmvllilgtalaifyylrlrakdpehhvkiaplqepkptpsqraalpyfavaiilfilqaalgsltghfavegnklfgidlgmllpyaatrgwhlqlavfwiatcwlatglfigpavagghepkgqkalvwtllgalvvvvvgalagtylgvrgklsgpngwlvgnqgyeyielgrvwqvaliagmllwlflvyraikpalkaeqdrgglthlllyasvsiplfysvglfytpgthiavadywrwwvvhlwvenffevfatvalafilskigavgersatrathfsillylgagiigtfhhlyftgsplfitalgatfsaleivpltllgfevyenlklarsggnatpwkwplyffvavafwnavgagvlgflinppivlyyaqglnttpihshgalfgvygflaialmlfsmrnivrtaawsdrlleiafwglnaglagmivlsllpagiyqlviavreglwyarspevtgsafihavtwarvlpdvvfvggalallgfvlraivldvklrradpaggeaatvrkaa
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_str._Aberdeen  coded_by=complement(16904..19195),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae str. Aberdeen,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvkllnkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_VA01  coded_by=complement(2238489..2240780),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae VA01,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvkllnkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_HC03  coded_by=complement(2318945..2321236),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae HC03,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvkllnkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._gravis_str._ISS_4746  coded_by=complement(16904..19195),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. gravis str. ISS 4746,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvkllnkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._gravis_str._ISS_4749  coded_by=complement(16904..19195),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. gravis str. ISS 4749,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvkllnkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae  coded_by=complement(22514..24805),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvkllnkkr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR146  coded_by=1785032..1787353,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR146,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvgdilkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR511  coded_by=complement(1448597..1450918),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR511,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvgdilkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NAU20B-16  coded_by=complement(1391279..1393600),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NAU20B-16,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvgdilkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Massilia_sp._NR_4-1  coded_by=1487501..1488862,organism=Massilia sp. NR 4-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavavalfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllhilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhsvrlaivqlvlwvvmgvtaiigylfrwgtgnklleqplphkivivivmliflynvgmtirksgrftttegvligglglaavlylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpsywlpiggifsalepvalvgmavyayssirrsgmahpnklalhwtvgsavftlfgagllglahtfpqvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamvsfalpsltkrpdegtplgywafwmqiagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimglgfldaqlkiqvhflmllataslfacgvalfiidffrhaprfeieletaaaaaqprga
>Porphyromonas_catoniae_F0037  coded_by=complement(129982..132228),organism=Porphyromonas catoniae F0037,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtpkklwyalatvillsfgvlgffgveifrtmppfpkqvvttegevlfegqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvimlrklaeqdgldystlpeeeqakyqvllrqelrkntydpttgiitysplraeaarevgehyaklflgddapeyvklrsdyalrgksledpakmakmnaffawtswvcvasrpgsdvsytnnwphdpvignvaptslhlwsgfsvlmlltavgilvyyyaqskedeegplptedplrgmkptasmratikyiwivsalmlvqmvlgaitahygvegdalfslpiqdflpqavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgtepkyqalgvnvlfgalifvvvgslvgqwmgvmqklglienfwlghqgyeyvelgriwqilllvglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdenrhlltlfiiaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfcrlgllriksattsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligmeayhnyklskatkwiedykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyylqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfclrglypdykwndkligtafwminiglflmvtisvlpigilqahesitnaywsarsaeflqqdfmqvirwmrmpgdlllgtgelllvififglhfgwsrkakr
>Veillonella_dispar_ATCC_17748  coded_by=500208..502445,organism=Veillonella dispar ATCC 17748,definition=hypothetical protein
mgeykkywiavvavliigfsilgylgtdvyhqappvptayvsqdgqvlftkedilhgqsawqstggqsvgtvlghgayqapdwtadwlhkevsimldiksqeafgvlynqlgtaqqaavkevvkeeylgsavrddgtvvlsperitamnitgryfvelygdnpeltltrdhfamkdntlpelqdridmarfffwttwmastqrpgtdatytnnwpheplldhnptpesiawsvvsviillcgigvvvwlwafgkkddehalvlpiedpiskitltpsqralgkylftilalflfqlgmggiiahytvegqafygiplaqyfpysiartwhiqaslfwiamaflsaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsfagtylgvahqipaawnfllghqgyeyielgriwqwieyigilfwlvlmirsiigafkqkgdknliaafifsvimvgifygpglfygehshlaimeywrwwvihlwvegffevfsttlmafifvtlglvsyragtvaaissgaiyliggipgtfhhlyftgvtstivatgasfsalevvplvllgyeafenytrlhsapwmhrlkwpvycfiavsfwnlvgagvfgflinmpvslfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflslgfvfliaryirpevefndklmkfgfwalniglalmvlisllpigliqawasithglwfarseefmqqpllqnlrwlrmigdtiliigavaffwqivkvlfpkks
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=3215..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Mycobacterium_yongonense_05-1390  coded_by=complement(1813279..1815603),organism=Mycobacterium yongonense 05-1390,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllprmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgdvgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtaicnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Natrinema_gari_JCM_14663  coded_by=92941..95256,organism=Natrinema gari JCM 14663,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqisrkqlamflatifvvnlvvmgggawlsyenepeiphtivgpdgetvatsddvqsgkavfqenglmnqgsmlgrgsyydvdytadtlelktdymrdyyaqetyetayedletpeqaaidetvrqelqssthgehveysaaetyaheqvrqdyvetyhegdrergiqeglipteeeaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpgtdvsftndfpyspaagndaggavmtwsviamvllvagagiaiwlyqavelpepeaggvsiphpkeidltpsqllstrfiligavlfvlqtflggllahyyierdgffglreligfdilqwlpwsiartwhvdlgvlwiatmwlgaglflaplltgheprkqalyvkgligallvvavgglagiwlginnvfdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrephyglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpetnfvmtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffiivvialtlvsmnlltkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefipllfilyealgqyramdsagtdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfesgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttrnthwserrlrwsfwlcnlglavmlvlsllpvgllqletaftqgyaasrslefynggliqtlfwlrmpgdtllilgailfawdvvakllfqrkataeetsghviadrifgdrspadpvsddd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR435  coded_by=295507..297795,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR435,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR449  coded_by=complement(63254..65542),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR449,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(208265..210553),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(26937..29225),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_BDU_2  coded_by=1279703..1281991,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei BDU 2,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1258b  coded_by=complement(15110..17398),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1258b,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1258a  coded_by=complement(15108..17396),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1258a,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei_PRL-20  coded_by=complement(20..2308),organism=Burkholderia mallei PRL-20,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase NorZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei_GB8_horse_4  coded_by=complement(26..2314),organism=Burkholderia mallei GB8 horse 4,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pakistan_9  coded_by=9364..11652,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pakistan 9,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase NorZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR2138  coded_by=35946..38234,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR2138,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei_NCTC_10229  coded_by=complement(2931711..2933999),organism=Burkholderia mallei NCTC 10229,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei_NCTC_10247  coded_by=1684397..1686685,organism=Burkholderia mallei NCTC 10247,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei_SAVP1  coded_by=2379647..2381935,organism=Burkholderia mallei SAVP1,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei_ATCC_23344  coded_by=complement(658955..661243),organism=Burkholderia mallei ATCC 23344,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ, putative
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=139409..141697,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=8330..10618,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=153844..156132,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(45020..47308),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=18085..20373,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(44470..46758),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=29433..31721,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(63141..65429),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=22148..24436,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21525..23813,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27038..29326),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21519..23807,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27051..29339),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27726..30014),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3415080..3417368,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR491  coded_by=complement(3666813..3669101),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR491,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3062827..3065115,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27058..29346),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(2638362..2640650),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27037..29325),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27038..29326),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21532..23820,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=115262..117550,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(2148359..2150647),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(1112349..1114637),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(2375407..2377695),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21536..23824,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_TSV_48  coded_by=2689043..2691331,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei TSV 48,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5858  coded_by=complement(2500705..2502993),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5858,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=151757..154045,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=293830..296118,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=22627..24915,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=459413..461701,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(3084302..3086590),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(1630185..1632473),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_HBPUB10303a  coded_by=2488430..2490718,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei HBPUB10303a,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(451411..453699),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1153  coded_by=1942446..1944734,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1153,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_TSV_25  coded_by=complement(1059455..1061743),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei TSV 25,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(2176228..2178516),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(1311887..1314175),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(2149369..2151657),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=601051..603339,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3173  coded_by=complement(24534..26789),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3173,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM1476  coded_by=complement(22371..24626),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM1476,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3141  coded_by=complement(3977..6232),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3141,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2002030  coded_by=complement(2843..5098),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2002030,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_H44/76  coded_by=complement(74121..76376),organism=Neisseria meningitidis H44/76,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_CU385  coded_by=29866..32121,organism=Neisseria meningitidis CU385,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_H44/76  coded_by=643618..645873,organism=Neisseria meningitidis H44/76,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M13265  coded_by=complement(3379..5634),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M13265,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM477  coded_by=complement(3036..5291),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM477,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2002020  coded_by=complement(14309..16564),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2002020,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_4119  coded_by=complement(87424..89679),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 4119,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_12888  coded_by=complement(23098..25353),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 12888,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM418  coded_by=complement(76461..78716),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM418,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_9757  coded_by=complement(76408..78663),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 9757,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M13255  coded_by=complement(24286..26541),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M13255,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM422  coded_by=complement(74067..76322),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM422,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_9506  coded_by=complement(24137..26392),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 9506,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_LNP21362  coded_by=1903547..1905802,organism=Neisseria meningitidis LNP21362,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Haloterrigena_turkmenica_DSM_5511  coded_by=198890..201220,organism=Haloterrigena turkmenica DSM 5511,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mrvsrkqlatflavifvanlvvmgggawlsyenepeipetivgpdgepvatsddvqsgkmvfqenglmnqgsmlgrgsyydvdytadalelktehmrdyyaqeehdtayedlesseqaaidaqvreelqsseytdgerveysaaeayaheqvrqdyveryhegdrgrgiqdglipteeeaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpgtdvsftndfpyspdagneaggavitwsviamvllvagagvaiwlyqavelpepeaagvsiphpkeidltpsqllstrfvligallfvlqtfmggllahyyverddffglyevfgidileylpwtiartwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreprkqalyikgligallvvavgglagiwlginnffdgqlwwllgnegleyleigrvwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpktnfvitefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffilvvialtlvsmnlltkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefipllfilyealgqyramdaagkdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfesgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttrdahwsdrrlrwsfwlcnaglalmlflsllpvgflqlevaftegyaasrslefynggliqtlfwlrmpgdtlliagaivfawdvvvkllfqrkptaeetrshviadrifgesdavdpvdpvsddd
>Gynuella_sunshinyii_YC6258  coded_by=complement(2353038..2355302),organism=Gynuella sunshinyii YC6258,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgaykklwlllctvviitfsllgyfgrevyrqappipdtfktpsgqllfdhdtvlagqsawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltqwleiaagdeygkpyrslddeqqmllqhrlkteyrhnslennsvliserrakaiaqtaayyqnlfaddpalhstrehyamkentlpdsqrrqdlsafffwtawaastnrpdshatytnnwpheplidntptaenitwsivsvvlliagigalvwawsflhhqdetvvpasrdplsiiqltpsqqalgkylvlvvalmcfqvliggitahytvegqqfygldiskwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpryqklgvdilfwalvlvvagsfvgnwlaiaqimppelnfwlghqgyeyidlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgignafkqsgdknllalltasvvaiglfyssgffygertnisimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafifcslgliskpmattaslasaslflvggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmaigatfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlrrsapwmehlkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflaigftllilryirpqlvfsevlmktafwslngglvlmiiisllpiglmqffasasqglwyarsetfmqsellqtlrwlrgigdmvfivgvlaiswqvfsgifnirligkkvrtqtqs
>Neisseria_meningitidis_73696  coded_by=complement(4747..7002),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 73696,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Mycobacterium_sp._KMS  coded_by=complement(1709866..1712217),organism=Mycobacterium sp. KMS,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
maidtsgtvgrsageekqpaigkgwvqavalvmifgffimgilayrtytasmpmpdrvvdesgqelftgaditrgqelfqarglmqygsvhghgaylgpdytadylrraaddvtaqferageaqvqervveefrtnrfddrtktlvftdrqaaafdriqqhyvahfgadarknglspdlitdpeeirdltaffawsawasaaerpghnytytnnwpaeprvdngptadlivwsalsliallggtgilfavygrwsqrigwhaedapaisyhqpgevtltrsqratvwffaivsvlflaqallgaltehyradlssffgldlarwlpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifltpfitrreprrqhwlaygllgavalvvfgslisealsifgvipegtllsqqweyldlprlwqillivglflwiaivwrglrsslktssktsmpwmfffaglaipafyavgllagsdthfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrqrialgiifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqtgdtkpfphrwsvmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavgmamfafryiipadkwperlarlsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitqpgnvllewmrmpgdivfigggilpllwiawvaiksfwqgrntayvdelpdeplytelpaaagarnvgdttp
>Mycobacterium_sp._MCS  coded_by=complement(1705707..1708058),organism=Mycobacterium sp. MCS,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
maidtsgtvgrsageekqpaigkgwvqavalvmifgffimgilayrtytasmpmpdrvvdesgqelftgaditrgqelfqarglmqygsvhghgaylgpdytadylrraaddvtaqferageaqvqervveefrtnrfddrtktlvftdrqaaafdriqqhyvahfgadarknglspdlitdpeeirdltaffawsawasaaerpghnytytnnwpaeprvdngptadlivwsalsliallggtgilfavygrwsqrigwhaedapaisyhqpgevtltrsqratvwffaivsvlflaqallgaltehyradlssffgldlarwlpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifltpfitrreprrqhwlaygllgavalvvfgslisealsifgvipegtllsqqweyldlprlwqillivglflwiaivwrglrsslktssktsmpwmfffaglaipafyavgllagsdthfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrqrialgiifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqtgdtkpfphrwsvmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavgmamfafryiipadkwperlarlsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitqpgnvllewmrmpgdivfigggilpllwiawvaiksfwqgrntayvdelpdeplytelpaaagarnvgdttp
>Methylomonas_methanica_MC09  coded_by=2760832..2762319,organism=Methylomonas methanica MC09,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mnvteliekattrikdfkawvaldsgnlsngqqlavkyfsvavilfvaqilfgllaaaqfiwpgflyefldfnvnrmvhinamvvwmlygfigsiywlledesqteivglklgnlafwvltaavtlvvlvyllvqigpgkdsslwlinegreyieaprwadigivvvmliffynvvatfskgkwsgiagvltldlvalaglyvagmfymtnitheqywwwwvihlwveatwevlvgvimawslmkllgvrrkivqtwlyievalmfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywltiggffsalepiplvamvvhavydsgthafkngnhpalawiiahafgnffgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwsashghlaffgayatiniaffylaiqhwrgnvwmgagianawrwkwalgllnvgvlgmtiamlvagyeqsfieravegsswggyftaqnhpsfqsamswrllfglvtaaglgllvwdllttgkgetrkaqeitqh
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM17  coded_by=10257..11681,organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM17,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrlanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalllfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivlvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpanlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafslvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtlevwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqvllqrwaedgtampfmatvehlnglfwarlvsglgffagllcyllsfrqrgraalrvatsvtp
>Frateuria_sp._Soil773  coded_by=212809..215091,organism=Frateuria sp. Soil773,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mstarklwlglaalllasfavllwvgkevhqqapplpsavvtsdghtlythadmergrevwqsiggqqlgsiwghgalvapdwsadwlhreatamlellardegaasfdaldaerkaalearilpelrrntydaardvivvsplraqamaavaahyeslfgndpataglrksyamrdntiaemerrrtvtaffwwtawaaaaerpgrtisytqnwpydplvgnrptptsfmwsifsvlfmicgigllawyhavqghreapaappardpladlkptpsmkatakyfwtvlalflvqillgattahyqvegqqaygialanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglymapaisgheprfqrlgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglkynfwfghqgweytdlgrfwqlflfvglmlwlflvgralwpairrrdetshivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvklgllrvrtattsvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptavialgasfsvlevvplaligleaydtwrkqhaapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnlvgagmfgflvntpialyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpdaewregwlrgafwtlniglslmglltllplgllqlqaalehgywfarsadfmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdslfavgallialfvaslwlarkprparlplpqaegesa
>Stenotrophomonas_daejeonensis  coded_by=9027..11303,organism=Stenotrophomonas daejeonensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnstrklwaglavlliasfavllwvgseinhkapplpakvvttagqvvfdradmeqgrqvwqsfggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaetlmdiwasreagvdsykqldeptqaayikrvqkelrpntydanddaiyisadraeaiakvaahyeslfgnapetaqlreayamrnntvadaegrqkltaffwwtawasvterpgsditytanwpsdelvgnkvtsdafiwtvfsvlfliggvgllgwhyaanhgdemapvlprtdplaavkvtpsmratakyfwvvmalflvqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalseylpyaltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyiapaisgheprfqrlgvnflwtcliiivvgsfagqwfavmqklglqhnfwfghqgweyvdmgrfwqvflfiglllwlllvgralwptltrkgetrsivmllflsvvaiglfyaaalmwgehthmsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavavmsflfvklgllqarsatvavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtpnsvialgasfsalevvplayvgfeawhnyklgkatpwmarykwpiifflavsfwnlvgaglfgflvnpplslyymqglnltathghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgikaevvwnekllkaafwtlniglagmaaftllplgilqlaavlkhgywyarsaefmqqpivdmlvwmrvpadtlfsvgalmlawfvlrlwvaprkaaalpvgqadqa
>Roseovarius_sp._217  coded_by=68282..69583,organism=Roseovarius sp. 217,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit, cytochrome b
malfgiqvlggllagwvyvspnflaeilpfniirmihtnalivwlllgffgaayylvpeesereiwspklaylqliilvvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaalifllnismtvlagkktaitnvllmglwllsllwvfafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlaiftyampilrgrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvvgdyymdvqdglslfylmrfgagaavvigallyiysllvvrkseviqpglattvpge
>Halorubrum_litoreum_JCM_13561  coded_by=complement(89448..>91577),organism=Halorubrum litoreum JCM 13561,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
evqdgkeafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktqhmreyyadaeygaayddldsgeqsridaivrdeldqshdggdvveysaaelyahervretyveryhegdhdrgapvemigseeeaeafadfalwtawfshtdrpnadhsytnewpyspgagndatgsamiwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepssagisvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiervfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqgtyvsvllgalvvvvvggmggiwlgangylpgelwwllgnegleylevgkvwqagllagfilwailairglkplldreppyglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpstniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramretgfpyklpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqldvaftesyaaarslafyerdivqtlfwarlpgdtliiagtaiyvadlirkrfvlraseddpsvddmavaegivgddd
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root179  coded_by=complement(19532..21814),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root179,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msttrklwlglaallvasfavllwvgkevhqqapplptavvtadgqtlytkgdmeegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhresmamlellsrdaglgpydtltaqqqaplkarvqeelrtntwdaasntitvsalrarameavaahymsllgndpathklregyamrentvaemehrrevtaffwwtswaaatqrpnepmsytqnwpyeplagntptstsflwsvfsilfmifgigllgwhharqvsheplpvvpardpltefkatpsmkatgkyfwtvlglflaqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrlgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglkynfwfghqgweytdigrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgralwpamnrnkegasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvrlgllrvttattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligmeaydtwkkqheapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnlvgagllgflvntpialyymqglnltathghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpdaewregwlkssfwllniglslmaaltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfaigallisvfvaalwlfpkrrtatatsprairnna
>Burkholderia_sp._H160  coded_by=complement(73761..76088),organism=Burkholderia sp. H160,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mytkplivgnscpqdrtsrvliwvfivvtalcwagmlvatratyqqaaplpkqmiapngttvmsyadivagksgfqqadlmdfgslygmgsyfgedftakylvelakevqnnlalsrygksfdavtaeqqasvtrtmqaqlqgidlsqqkvtlpdsvaqaiqvlrqrisaallsdnfaqgytgaraldesaatrtasfllysslttvarrpgkdyswtvnwpaeplvgnsptaatfqwtwvsftmiffaigailmifrlwiepkagnetfepvlrgfkeptpsqralwkyflvvagvllvqilvgsimahyytdrtsfygievdkwlpfaalrsvhlqapivwigvswiaaglflapligkrepagqralvnlifwvlvvivagaligdylgvmglirahwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqilffiglavwclvllrafwptlktlfkqsggslyglfriehllwiatlsvavlyvfgmiplgspnpsfsitdfwrwwvvhlwvelafelfaaavtgyflmalelvsrqmveravlfewilimvggvlgtghhmywagepslwvsfgsmfsflevlplfllvleaieqqrhiqhekdfpyrlaylyilgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtsmfgafgllaigllymvlrylngnrpwsdrcgvwafwlynaglvmwivmnfypvgwpqllavythgyayarslefystttfwqwmrmpgdivfavgallmawdfvikllaqrkativdapsaalapersl
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Soil772  coded_by=complement(19030..21312),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Soil772,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msttrklwlglaallvtsfavllwvgsvvhqqapplptavvtgdgqtlytkadmeegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhresmamldllardaglgpyesldaqqqaplkarvqeelrtntydaasntitvsalrahameavaahymslfgndpathtlregyamrentvaemehrrevtaffwwtswaaatqrpneamsytqnwpyeplagnvptstsflwsvfsilfmifgigllgwhharqvsheplppipvrdpltemkatpsmkatgkyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrfgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglqynfwfghqgweytdlgrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgrallpamrgkkegasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvrlgllrvssattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligleahdtwkkqhaapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnligagllgflvntpialyymqglnltathghtalmgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpeahwregwlrssfwclniglslmavltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgalliavfvaalwlwpnrrtapavlpqaarena
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha522  coded_by=3287..5545,organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha522,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelstwldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Campylobacter_sp._FOBRC14  coded_by=complement(99701..101941),organism=Campylobacter sp. FOBRC14,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mreykrywlalvavliigfgflgyygaevyrqsppmvsfvdengnvvieeesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelmaflqikageiynakyedlndeqkahlkvilkkeyrtntvkngtitlskdriaamnsvaseysalfgndpkfkslreayamkentlpgeadrkdlnnfffwaawatatdrpnseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsvasvviliagigflvwcssfygkhdeekptpisedplsrlaltpsqkalgkylfvaialfvfqfmiggfaahytvegqefygidvsqyipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfvgeylaiahimpinlsfwfghqgyeyldlgrvwqlilfvglviwmvlvcrgfvggfkqggdknllaifamsaiavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrmatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyrlqfatswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpihghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvalyvfkgkefddklmkigfwslnwglmlmillsllpigihqaiaslnvgmwyarsaeflqsahlqdlrwlrmigdmifiigglcffiqilkfvfgkataka
>Pseudomonas_syringae  coded_by=complement(147363..148790),organism=Pseudomonas syringae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimgvqyvvgdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtfeiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqadgialpfmatvehlqvlfwarlgaglgffagllcyllsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Mycobacterium_sp._MOTT36Y  coded_by=complement(1979768..1982038),organism=Mycobacterium sp. MOTT36Y,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
migkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllprmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgdvgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtaicnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Leptospira_wolffii_serovar_Khorat_str._Khorat-H2  coded_by=432542..433912,organism=Leptospira wolffii serovar Khorat str. Khorat-H2,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mkyksqkiaywffascmlllslqivygflmgfarmgfdglhdwipfnaarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaahyiipdesdreiyseklaylqlisllvvgvisilgfhlnfwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvllflfnigmtvwkgrrytttslvlyfglfsaallylpgmiqfnsqtvdsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvpeywkwvggffsmleplaflamamfaismyrksgrnhpntislfwtigsavmsfvgagflgfahtlpqvnlythgtlitamhghlafwgayamivlaiitysmplitgrklwnnplglfafwasnigmlgmtgafavagiaqvylerkfgldflvvqkeiqvhflglvlaasvftagiiafiwnfirfgtpndeaigaeqasgdislagrs
>Indibacter_alkaliphilus_LW1  coded_by=complement(128188..129606),organism=Indibacter alkaliphilus LW1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mrdstpiigagydhckqknkhmkyksqqvaywffalcmllfalqivygfimgfarigmdglhdwipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvklayvqlislavvgvaaitgyhfniwegrkfleipreldylvvinvllflgiilatlfkgkrqtttalvmtmglvfaallylpgmiwfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwlivggvfsaleplaflamalfavymyrkgeknhpnkialfwtigaaivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghyafwgayvmivlaiisyampnitgrkrhdktnghlafwlsnigmlgmvvalgvagvvqvylerrlsmdfmvaqeevkihfvvmllcatmfatgigiyiyefikygrptdealtkneeavlvs
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24612..26930,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=134835..137153,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(243267..245585),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25911..28229,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223919..226237),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=24887..27205,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25773..28091,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(224345..226663),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26039..28357,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=136591..138909,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=127240..129558,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223723..226041),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25911..28229,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=127083..129401,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=22497..24815,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223894..226212),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Massilia_sp._Root418  coded_by=598235..600547,organism=Massilia sp. Root418,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatrklwtwlavicalsfavlgwvgaeiylaappipqriissegrllysegqvqrgqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalrqiwaqreheapyeslgkpaqaaldarvqeelrrntydagrgaivlspdradavlevarhytglfgddrsldalrtqyamsansltdpeelaalpafvfwsawaaatdrpgeaglsytsnwpheplvgnrpsasagiwsvasivlmlgaiaamvmfharsseeadpapakadpllklaptpsmratrkyffvvialilaqvgmgvitahyavegqsffglpladvlpfvvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkyqklgvdvlfyallfivagstacgwlgtlqhkgsafafwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqvllfvgllfwvtllgralwpalkkpsesrglivmvflsalciggfyatsltwgrgthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallfvrlgliraaaansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigsmfsalevvplsmlgieawrnyqrskaapwvasyrwsilcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrgmsdrlawsdrllkpmfwclniglammvflsltpagiyqawasistgmwfarspevvhsplmetlvwlrvpgdvvfaagtlflalfawrllragqpraaaagaaaaagtvagaasakasrs
>Hydrogenophaga_sp._Root209  coded_by=11031..13331,organism=Hydrogenophaga sp. Root209,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvmivcfsllgyygaevyrtappipqkvqtedgrvlytqegildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawldlasqqeygkpldqldadgqavlrarlkkeyrtntfdattgsmtvsrlreqaiasnveyysqlfsdapqyrktresyamkentlpsaerraqmagfffwtawaaaterpadvgggtgatytnnwpheplidnkptaenmiwsvasvvlliagvgflvwawsflskhdeqdlvppqhdplsrvpltpsqralgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqefygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalivvvvgsfagnylaiaqvmpiewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgivlwlvlmlrgvvpalrtpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrapwmanlkwpltffvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppialyylqglnttpmhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpdlvfnerlmktafwwlnaglvlmiatsllpialyqfhasvseglwyarseafmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalsvawqvvigvfgtrapaapagatlagarr
>Neisseria_sp._oral_taxon_020_str._F0370  coded_by=3888..6134,organism=Neisseria sp. oral taxon 020 str. F0370,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgaevykkappypeqvvttsgqvvmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldftaqdqfgkkyeeldasqqsvlrtqladeyrnqsrvkedgkvvisetrkkaidavapyyitlygndpsmiktrdnfamknntlpseearkkltnfffwtawsasanrpdkdftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsivlllsgiglllwgysfltkheevqppaedplakleltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvaqvllggltahytiegqefygidfsawlpyalartwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapiinggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvlgsyggnflalsdnmpsqlnfwfgnqgyefldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmvrctfgafkekntdknllaifvasmfgvgvfyapglfygehtpiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatasfafifynmgfvrrntataatlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplillgreayehwsyqnaapwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvalylkpndhfndnlmtwgfwmingglvgmiatsllpvgaiqaaasithglwyarsedfmqqdlletlrwirtlsdlifigggccfawqatktvfgfgksak
>Thioalkalivibrio_thiocyanoxidans_ARh_4  coded_by=309852..311198,organism=Thioalkalivibrio thiocyanoxidans ARh 4,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqtqrvaypffvmamvlfaaqvlfgvmaglvyvmpeflseampfhimrmshtnllivwlligffgatyyllpeeteneihnptlayiqlgifvfagaaaligyqfgihegrhyleqpvwvkvlltvsflmflynasftvlkgrktaislvlllglwlaaifwlfafytpdnmsldkmywwyivhiwvegvweliiasllgfllikmtgvdreviekwlyvivglalftgllgtghhyywigtpgywqpiggffsalevlpffamvvfafymfwrgqrnhpnraailwtlgcavmaffgagvwgfmhtlsfinyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvmlnlaiisyamphlrgqqpynqvlnmwsfwimtsamafmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvmgmnfmevqehlhlfyvfrlgagiavvigvilflyavfgpsrsqasasaahapasp
>Thioalkalivibrio_paradoxus_ARh_1  coded_by=complement(1769126..1770472),organism=Thioalkalivibrio paradoxus ARh 1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqrvaypffvmamvlfaaqvlfgvmaglvyvmpeflseampfhimrmshtnllivwlligffgatyyllpeeteneihnptlayiqlgifvfagaaaligyqfgihegrhyleqpvwvkvlltvsflmflynasftvlkgrktaislvlllglwlaaifwlfafytpdnmsldkmywwyivhiwvegvweliiasllgfllikmtgvdreviekwlyvivglalftgllgtghhyywigtpgywqpiggffsalevlpffamvvfafymfwrgqrnhpnraailwtlgcavmaffgagvwgfmhtlsfinyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvmlnlaiisyamphlrgqqpynqvlnmwsfwimtsamafmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvmgmnfmevqehlhlfyvfrlgagiavvigvilflyavfgpsrsqasasaahapasp
>Achromobacter_sp._SY8  coded_by=complement(140000..142285),organism=Achromobacter sp. SY8,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrklwftliavlaitfallgfyggevyrqappipgqvvttegralfgrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardehgqaydklpapaqaalraalkaeyrgnrsdaatdtltitprralaieqtaayydqlfsdapalhgsresfamkentlpdaarrtqlsqfffwtawvaateregmsvtytnnwpheplidnrpsaenvmwsiisvvvllagigflvwawaflrgeeeeepqppardplttfaltpsqralgkylflivalfgfqvllggftahytvegqtfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkfqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltssvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgyeawenwrlknrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwgmnaglvlmiftsllpvgliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdllktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvmqvilgllsakpalveprlqartarg
>Methylacidiphilum_infernorum_V4  coded_by=1..1416,organism=Methylacidiphilum infernorum V4,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase B subunit
mknpgilyesqklalwywalavvlfgfqlifgliisyqylqpeflhkifnfsvgrllhlnamilwllfgfiggiywflpletqreivglflgkmafvliavavgivvgvfllvqigkadwvtlwfitegreyieaprwadigivavfsiiffnvlatiwkaqklkgilwvltldllaiigfyiagmfftpnisvdqfwwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgvlvawvlmavldtprkilegwlylevflvfgtgilglghhyfwigapeywlgiggffsaleplplvamvvhavydagmhrltttnkpaffwivfqsfgnflgagvwgfmhtlpqinlyshgtqitaahghlaffgayvatniamiytalqkirlskggnldgrlwrwtfvgfilsifgitapltvagfaqtfieravggstwqayingqlhpwvkeamawrfgfgimfficylmlvidlctigkqpvdkenthcl
>Pelomonas_sp._Root1237  coded_by=complement(369497..371764),organism=Pelomonas sp. Root1237,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mksrsnlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgwqiylsappipnrvvsadgellftgeqiqlgqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgayvapdwsadwlhreavalkarrlaeqqqsgltvsdaqraavdqlvreemrrntyeessgdvrvtaaraqairevashydglfgtepaldklrdqyamtagalpeaehrkalaafffwsawaavtdrpgeaglsytsnwpheplvgntmstsaamwsmvsivlllagiaamlwlhqgdeelavvpkadpllgakatpsmkatrkyffvviglmllqigmgaitahyavegqaffgiplaqilpytvtrtihtqigifwiatawlatglyvapllsgaeprlqklgvdalfwalivvvlgstitgwlgtlqhrgfdfsfwfgnqgleftsmgrfwqillfvgllfwvfllgralwpalkrpsetrgliamvflsatciggfyassltwgqhthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftnlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlywtgtptsviavgsvfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrakgvawlgaykwvilsfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglydralhadrflkpafwslniglammvflsllpagiyqayqsitkglwyarspevihskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagsvflavyalyllrrpaadrlpagaapargr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pakistan_9  coded_by=24118..26436,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pakistan 9,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=603154..605472,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Staphylococcus_aureus_O46  coded_by=60657..62948,organism=Staphylococcus aureus O46,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliadlafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Flavobacterium_sp._CF136  coded_by=33776..36019,organism=Flavobacterium sp. CF136,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrrekklwiafalvmsisfavlgyygyeiyqkappiplkivstdnktifteqeikdgqniwqsmggqevgtiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreaifilnklsqdefqknfadlsdeqqavmkirlqndvrkntynaenktitisqnrieaiaylstyyeglfmndpkfdqlrndyaipkmsikdkgrmhkmsafffwatwatvtnrpdsdisythnwpsdklvgnvatknlliwsgvsiillilctgllifyhvksgadehletpavdpllkqgmtpsmyqikkyfwvvslliilqvifgvitahygvegngfygipldeflpyavtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavsgkdpkfqvfgvnflffalliivlgsmagqwfgvmqklnlvdnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqcfllvglflwlalmirplipvlkkgteernliimfliscaaiasfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlnvifstiifmsggilgtfhhlyfsgtptavmafgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnytlskatpwivaykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyiqglnttalhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrslyrheiwneklmkfifwstniglltmallsllpvgvwqavasiehgmwyarsaefmqqptmvtlkwlraigdaifgfgilalcyfvfeltfrkakkis
>Magnetospirillum_magneticum_AMB-1  coded_by=complement(3147718..3149037),organism=Magnetospirillum magneticum AMB-1,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkyesqkvalyffagalglfvaqilfglvigtivvmpntlsellpfniarmihtnalivwllmgffgasyylipeeaetelystklaivqfwlfligaaaavvgylfhihegrefleqplwiklaivvvalmflfnitmtvlkgrktaitnvlllglwgiavfflfslynpanlimdkifwwwvvhlwvegvwelvmasilaflmikltgvdrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsvfstlevapffamvvfafmmvwkggrnhpnkaallwslgcsvfaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyithgtqvtaahghlafygayvminiaimtyampnilkrepynqllnmwgfwitssgvtfmtfaltfagvvqshlqrvmgmgfmevqdqlglfywmrlgagvatfigvvmivwslvvpgkakpaq
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2007461  coded_by=complement(7603..9858),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2007461,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpskeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheeveipaedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2004032  coded_by=complement(2660..4915),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2004032,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpskeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheeveipaedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Bacillus_sp._17376  coded_by=136680..139043,organism=Bacillus sp. 17376,definition=nitric oxide reductase
meiqhgtstkavvkknrnsllksvliitlllsftvlltggywifkdmaprpfevtgekgeviltkesimggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytdgmhdfkaqekyskdfkelsgdeqtiirdnvmkemrenryvpdtdklvltdaqiyghekvrefyhtiftegdqwglkpgliqekhmpdgerawvskgdqikqiadfffwtawlssterpndditytnnwpyyedagntmsfsaiwwsgasvtililfvglilfvfyryhlgmqeaytagnfpkidlrnlpltssqlktgkyfavvsvlffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgmkwvhdilpfnitkgfhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvgghepkrqgllvdilfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgangylgnnwfllghqgweylelgriwqfilasgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpafyffafminpgthytfadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigflmvqmklvtkkstikalyfqlillmgagvigighhyyyngssevwialgsvfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvdfpykgtfwflisvaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsflehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfagavliyslrnivkpekwsdrwvkfivimlnvglagmvflsllpvgylqlkeayfngyaasrssqflqqesvemlltlraipdtifligvaalaifsvkalfnlrkvthkeeeqlpvndlavded
>Bacillus_boroniphilus_JCM_21738  coded_by=136485..138848,organism=Bacillus boroniphilus JCM 21738,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
meiqhgtstkavvkknrnsllksvliitlllsftvlltggywifkdmaprpfevtgekgeviltkesimggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytdgmhdfkaqekyskdfkelsgdeqtiirdnvmkemrenryvpdtdklvltdaqiyghekvrefyhtiftegdqwglkpgliqekhmpdgerawvskgdqikqiadfffwtawlssterpndditytnnwpyyedagntmsfsaiwwsgasvtililfvglilfvfyryhlgmqeaytagnfpkidlrnlpltssqlktgkyfavvsvlffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgmkwvhdilpfnitkgfhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvgghepkrqgllvdilfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgangylgnnwfllghqgweylelgriwqfilasgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpafyffafminpgthytfadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigflmvqmklvtkkstikalyfqlillmgagvigighhyyyngssevwialgsvfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvdfpykgtfwflisvaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsflehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfagavliyslrnivkpekwsdrwvkfivimlnvglagmvflsllpvgylqlkeayfngyaasrssqflqqesvemlltlraipdtifligvaalaifsvkalfnlrkvthkeeeqlpvndlavded
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21891..24179,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntfvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_12P80B1  coded_by=74096..76372,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 12P80B1,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmehlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BC7  coded_by=complement(36597..38873),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BC7,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwglvitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmehlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Azoarcus_sp._PA01  coded_by=322425..323807,organism=Azoarcus sp. PA01,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkytsqsvalpyfiaaiglfvgqivfglamglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeetetelyspklallmfwifliagaatilgyllvdyntlaemtgnnilatmgrefleqplltkigivivalaflfnismtmlkgrktvisivmllglwglaifflfsfynpgnlvkdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgligtghhyfwigtpgywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqitaahghmafygayvlvvltmisyampllrgraansqraqvvemwsfwlmtismvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmpfmqvqdqialfywmrlwagvvfavglvtylasffvkgeskplitp
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis_LMG_19424  coded_by=complement(2260190..2262478),organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG 19424,definition=Nitric oxide reductase qNor type
mgpyrklwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappipakvvtaegrtlfsgddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaardgygrpfaqldapaqaalreqlrseyranatdpasnvltvskrraqamadtaayyeqlfsdapalhttrehyamkentlpsaerrqqlthfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgkeetppqapardpllsvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvflggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkfqrlgvdilfwalvvvvagsftgnylaiaqklpahlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiviwlvlmmrgilpalrargtdrnllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwslkqrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpacrlspalmktafwglnlglvlmigtsllpigiiqflasvehgtwyarseafmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfawqvvvglaqrapraadtvtvgmkpaar
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=192275..194560,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(1176049..1178334),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_phosphatis_clade_IIA_str._UW-1  coded_by=complement(2662706..2664976),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis clade IIA str. UW-1,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase NorZ
mhatrrlwiwlaaicvlsfaalgwvgteiyvsappiprqvvsnkgetlfaegsvqrgqeawlaaggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhreaialrelraqqqhgtayaslqvgqqaaldahlkeemrrnthdaatnvitlsdaraaavkqvarhyiglfgdeasltglreqyamlpamlkdvadrealaafffwsawsattdrpgetglsytsnwpheplvgntptagtgiwsiasiilmigaiaamiffhsrheesdplppkadplfslqptpsmlatrkyffvvialilaqvgmgvltahyavegtalfgipigqilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkyqklgvnllfyallfivagstatgwigtlqslgneyafwignqgleftsmgrvwqillfvglllwvtllgrglwpalktpsesraliamvflsamciggfyatsltwgrhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraatantaiiaetiiflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviaigamfsalevvplamlgveayrnyqrsqaaewvaaykwpilcfiavgfwnvigagllgfsintpialyymqgmnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrelfpraawsdtmlawtfwpvniglammvfmslvpagiaqawasithgvwfarspdfvhstmmegfvwlrvpgdivfavgtlflalfacrllgagkeksaigrtqqqpa
>Marinobacter_aquaeolei_VT8  coded_by=3458313..3459728,organism=Marinobacter aquaeolei VT8,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqivfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyymvpeeaqtelhspllawilfwvfaaagtltilgylfvdyatlaevtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkigiavvvvaflyniamtalkgrktvvnivlitglvglavlwlfsfynpgnlatdkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailayvlikltgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigppeywlwlgsvfsaleplpffmmvvfafnminrrrrnhpnkaamlwamgttvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnwythgsqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsntaqivemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltaagvlqvwlqripesgealsfmagqdqialfywmrfvagaffmaglvvyfgsffikgeaspaeevrgpatada
>Marinobacter_sp._C1S70  coded_by=complement(114566..115981),organism=Marinobacter sp. C1S70,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqivfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyymvpeeaqtelhspllawilfwvfaaagtltilgylfvdyatlaevtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkigiavvvvaflyniamtalkgrktvvnivlitglvglavlwlfsfynpgnlatdkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailayvlikltgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigppeywlwlgsvfsaleplpffmmvvfafnminrrrrnhpnkaamlwamgttvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnwythgsqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsntaqivemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltaagvlqvwlqripesgealsfmagqdqialfywmrfvagaffmaglvvyfgsffikgeaspaeevrgpatada
>Marinobacter_sp._EVN1  coded_by=151546..152961,organism=Marinobacter sp. EVN1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqivfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyymvpeeaqtelhspllawilfwvfaaagtltilgylfvdyatlaevtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkigiavvvvaflyniamtalkgrktvvnivlitglvglavlwlfsfynpgnlatdkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailayvlikltgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigppeywlwlgsvfsaleplpffmmvvfafnminrrrrnhpnkaamlwamgttvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnwythgsqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsntaqivemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltaagvlqvwlqripesgealsfmagqdqialfywmrfvagaffmaglvvyfgsffikgeaspaeevrgpatada
>Marinobacter_hydrocarbonoclasticus_ATCC_49840  coded_by=3136857..3138272,organism=Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus ATCC 49840,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqivfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyymvpeeaqtelhspllawilfwvfaaagtltilgylfvdyatlaevtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkigiavvvvaflyniamtalkgrktvvnivlitglvglavlwlfsfynpgnlatdkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailayvlikltgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigppeywlwlgsvfsaleplpffmmvvfafnminrrrrnhpnkaamlwamgttvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnwythgsqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsntaqivemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltaagvlqvwlqripesgealsfmagqdqialfywmrfvagaffmaglvvyfgsffikgeaspaeevrgpatada
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi_ATCC_49188  coded_by=1817172..1818518,organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi ATCC 49188,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyesqkvamlyfygalvlfiaqvafgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagiavvgylfhihegrefleqpfiikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipelrgrapynqmlsmvsfwamctamsvmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvlgesfmvvqdqlslfywirlgsgvvvvisafmfiwavlvpgkerrentsgfvqpae
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi  coded_by=complement(1376033..1377379),organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyesqkvamlyfygalvlfiaqvafgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagiavvgylfhihegrefleqpfiikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipelrgrapynqmlsmvsfwamctamsvmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvlgesfmvvqdqlslfywirlgsgvvvvisafmfiwavlvpgkerrentsgfvqpae
>Burkholderia_sp._TSV202  coded_by=complement(2430957..2433278),organism=Burkholderia sp. TSV202,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarppgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmgptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklvplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Shewanella_loihica_PV-4  coded_by=complement(745706..747997),organism=Shewanella loihica PV-4,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mnkqrltaiallivliasfsvllsigsqiyrekppiptaftdvqgqplftqndiergqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaqawlditakaqygrsfneldsikqagleqslrddlrrntlttsangeirislsdtriqaigqvsdhylslfgddpelstlreqyamkegtvpdlerrqqlnaflfwgawaaiteregqeytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagigalvwhhasgkheelpkpaeqdplflkkptasqkavgkyfvtavglfllqillggvtahyavegqnfygiplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkfqrlgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldtnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqvlllaglliwltlvtaamrpalkiqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialmlvrlglirarsangavlfatvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptgviawgaifsalevvplaligfeaiesyrmrnaspwmirykwaimffvatafwnlvgagvlgflinppislyfiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgvglmlfclrgltgqiqwsdkllkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgltqffaviengywfarspevihsplvetlvwmrvpgdvifgagglflgaflfdiirkaigakgtqaiadaplsana
>Staphylococcus_aureus_R0487  coded_by=12232..14523,organism=Staphylococcus aureus R0487,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrfsekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Thermoanaerobaculum_aquaticum  coded_by=complement(268585..269925),organism=Thermoanaerobaculum aquaticum,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mthksqsvaypyfvvslllfglqvlmglwlatnyfttipqsivdafpfstarafhtnllvlwlllgfmgatyylvpeetnselyspklalvqlgllavtgvvalvgfvfgwtqgrplleiprpldflvvigalmflfnvgmtiikakrwtmtqgsllaglfflailylfgipfyrnlsvdwyywwwvvhlwvegaweliaaamtaymlmkltgverkvvekwlyvelglflftgiagtghhyywlgapkywlavggifsalepfpillmvydtwrdikhrkepmrpkltwvylvggvilhfvgaglfgfahtlpqinyythgsqvtvshghlafygayvllnltfyyfaiprikgfpgfeydektghtgfwltalgvlgmslafavagvlqtylervqgqpymlaaqpirfwmfiafvhglvvvagvfltikhlltlkpapspasa
>Neisseria_sp._74A18  coded_by=complement(10536..12773),organism=Neisseria sp. 74A18,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwysliavltitfsilgylgvevyrqvppipqayvsasgetvmteqdilagqsawqstggmelgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhreaeawlditagkefgkkyaeldkaaqaniqarladeyrngsrvndqgkvvlsdtrieaikqvapyyitlygddpsmiktreafamkngtlpseearqkltnfffwtswasstnrpdhdatytnnwpheplvnnvpttenymwsfasivflllgigllvwgfsflkkhdeepkaptedplskitltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvaqvllggvtahytvegqhfygidisqwfpyalvrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapiinggqdpkfqragvnflyialfivvlgsyggnflalshaipadlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillmvglllwlflmlrctvnafkqktdknmlaifvasmagvglfyapglfygehtsltimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafiffnmglvsqrtatvtalvsaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgasfsalevvplillgreayehwsyqhtspwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislyylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvaryikpniefseslmtwgfwllnggltlmiitsllpigviqsyasitqglwyarsegfmqqelldtlrwirtvadlifiggaccvawqatkmvfsrdk
>Neisseria_weaveri_ATCC_51223  coded_by=21820..23985,organism=Neisseria weaveri ATCC 51223,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgsevykkappypekfvtssgetfiskddilagqtawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlditaqqehgkkfdelnheqqavlkarlsdeyrekgrvrddgtvllsdtrvkaieavapyyitlygddpsmvttrehfamknntlpseearkkltnfffwtawsasanrpgetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenyvwsftsivlllagigllmwgysfltkheevqaptedplskfqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvaqvllggvtahytvegqhfyginisdwfpyalvrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvvgsyggnflalshaipshlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillmvglllwlflmlrctvnafkekgtdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygehspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatasfafifynmgfirrttataatlasaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyftgttsaamaigacfsalevvplillgreayehwsyqnaapwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmvgagvfgfminppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvagylkpqaqfdeklmtwafwllngglagmivmsllpvgiiqtyasithglwyarseefmqmeildtlrwirtaadlvfiggavciawqatkmvfsrnk
>Sphingopyxis_sp._MC1  coded_by=complement(151204..153456),organism=Sphingopyxis sp. MC1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrklwwtliavltvtfailgvagaevyrkappipakvvsasgallmthddimagqaawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhreltawlslaaedgygkpfddlaveqkaaltyqlkqeyrhnaldpatgvvtvsdrraralaivaahydalygtdpalremrdnyamkedtlpsaekrqkladfffwtawaasterpgtvatytnnwppeplignqptpenilwslacvviliagvgsliwgwaflrrhedtplapadkdpltlaaltpsqralgkylfvvaalfifqvfiggftahytiegqsfygidvsqwfpyaltrtwhvqsavlwiataflaaglflapvvhggdpkhqklgvdllfwalilvvagsfagnylaiahamperlsfwlghqgyefldlgrvwqialfagllfwlvlmlrgmmpalrrekegdrsllllltvstvaiglfygsglfygerthitimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataaiafifasmglvskriataaslasaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgyeawehwslrdrapwmrslrwplicfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmintpvalfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpeiafnerlmrtgfwglnaglvlmiftsllpvglfqfeasvttgmwyarsdtflqqgfletlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavaiawqvvilglwrkgara
>Geobacillus_sp._Sah69  coded_by=17351..19714,organism=Geobacillus sp. Sah69,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttngflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpkssrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeaytegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnswflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgikrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqkdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM2866  coded_by=complement(4922..7177),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM2866,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM518  coded_by=complement(48527..50782),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM518,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM0552  coded_by=complement(53022..55277),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM0552,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM045  coded_by=complement(2545..4800),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM045,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM151  coded_by=complement(2535..4790),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM151,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M01-240149  coded_by=634864..637119,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M01-240149,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM23  coded_by=complement(4560..6815),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM23,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NZ-05/33  coded_by=complement(1706149..1708404),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NZ-05/33,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha710  coded_by=complement(1656493..1658748),organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha710,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA01  coded_by=complement(13283..14680),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA01,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalvlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelysprlawilfwvfaaagvltvlgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA7  coded_by=641677..643074,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA7,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalvlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelysprlawilfwvfaaagvltvlgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(130888..132285),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalvlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelysprlawilfwvfaaagvltvlgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(142688..144085),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalvlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelysprlawilfwvfaaagvltvlgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=146736..148133,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalvlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelysprlawilfwvfaaagvltvlgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA01  coded_by=234577..235974,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA01,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalvlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelysprlawilfwvfaaagvltvlgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=complement(3479829..3482141),organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manstfdlpiatpprtksfglpawlvlvcvvtfsvllgagaaiyknappipvtmvspqqeivmtqaevqrgqatylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdanfsqtdlealppvaqaqlqaevkqefkpnrydpetgilsltnaqtqglaqvfddyqalllngsaihsiprdwfpeagdrhdvtaffawtawtaaanrpnsplsytanwphddlignqapgqfivwsivsvivliaaialflfvyltqedaeevqavaerpalrlatpsqrittlffgvamalfgvqllmgmvtahyavegegfygiplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepkgqaigngillaaltlvvvgslvgawfgiqgylgndqsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralrpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpisvaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrsaalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfiaamgavasalevvpltligfevvkslklsqeaqgfyrmplkffiatcvwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslaialmlfalreitpdqfwnekkfnfafwwingglvtmlvtglipngfyqlmqsinhgtwyarsaevigsswmqgtvwlripgdlifavgaivllygvgqaiwgifqqptqpqpldevqvetpat
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=complement(3477462..3479774),organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manstfdlpiatpprtksfglpawlvlvcvvtfsvllgagaaiyknappipvtmvspqqeivmtqaevqrgqatylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdanfsqtdlealppvaqaqlqaevkqefkpnrydpetgilsltnaqtqglaqvfddyqalllngsaihsiprdwfpeagdrhdvtaffawtawtaaanrpnsplsytanwphddlignqapgqfivwsivsvivliaaialflfvyltqedaeevqavaerpalrlatpsqrittlffgvamalfgvqllmgmvtahyavegegfygiplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepkgqaigngillaaltlvvvgslvgawfgiqgylgndqsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralrpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpisvaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrsaalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfiaamgavasalevvpltligfevvkslklsqeaqgfyrmplkffiatcvwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslaialmlfalreitpdqfwnekkfnfafwwingglvtmlvtglipngfyqlmqsinhgtwyarsaevigsswmqgtvwlripgdlifavgaivllygvgqaiwgifqqptqpqpldevqvetpat
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=complement(3475920..3478232),organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manstfdlpiatpprtksfglpawlvlvcvvtfsvllgagaaiyknappipvtmvspqqeivmtqaevqrgqatylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdanfsqtdlealppvaqaqlqaevkqefkpnrydpetgilsltnaqtqglaqvfddyqalllngsaihsiprdwfpeagdrhdvtaffawtawtaaanrpnsplsytanwphddlignqapgqfivwsivsvivliaaialflfvyltqedaeevqavaerpalrlatpsqrittlffgvamalfgvqllmgmvtahyavegegfygiplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepkgqaigngillaaltlvvvgslvgawfgiqgylgndqsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralrpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpisvaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrsaalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfiaamgavasalevvpltligfevvkslklsqeaqgfyrmplkffiatcvwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslaialmlfalreitpdqfwnekkfnfafwwingglvtmlvtglipngfyqlmqsinhgtwyarsaevigsswmqgtvwlripgdlifavgaivllygvgqaiwgifqqptqpqpldevqvetpat
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803_substr._PCC-P  coded_by=complement(3476473..3478785),organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 substr. PCC-P,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manstfdlpiatpprtksfglpawlvlvcvvtfsvllgagaaiyknappipvtmvspqqeivmtqaevqrgqatylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdanfsqtdlealppvaqaqlqaevkqefkpnrydpetgilsltnaqtqglaqvfddyqalllngsaihsiprdwfpeagdrhdvtaffawtawtaaanrpnsplsytanwphddlignqapgqfivwsivsvivliaaialflfvyltqedaeevqavaerpalrlatpsqrittlffgvamalfgvqllmgmvtahyavegegfygiplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepkgqaigngillaaltlvvvgslvgawfgiqgylgndqsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralrpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpisvaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrsaalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfiaamgavasalevvpltligfevvkslklsqeaqgfyrmplkffiatcvwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslaialmlfalreitpdqfwnekkfnfafwwingglvtmlvtglipngfyqlmqsinhgtwyarsaevigsswmqgtvwlripgdlifavgaivllygvgqaiwgifqqptqpqpldevqvetpat
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803_substr._PCC-N  coded_by=complement(3476462..3478774),organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 substr. PCC-N,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manstfdlpiatpprtksfglpawlvlvcvvtfsvllgagaaiyknappipvtmvspqqeivmtqaevqrgqatylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdanfsqtdlealppvaqaqlqaevkqefkpnrydpetgilsltnaqtqglaqvfddyqalllngsaihsiprdwfpeagdrhdvtaffawtawtaaanrpnsplsytanwphddlignqapgqfivwsivsvivliaaialflfvyltqedaeevqavaerpalrlatpsqrittlffgvamalfgvqllmgmvtahyavegegfygiplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepkgqaigngillaaltlvvvgslvgawfgiqgylgndqsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralrpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpisvaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrsaalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfiaamgavasalevvpltligfevvkslklsqeaqgfyrmplkffiatcvwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslaialmlfalreitpdqfwnekkfnfafwwingglvtmlvtglipngfyqlmqsinhgtwyarsaevigsswmqgtvwlripgdlifavgaivllygvgqaiwgifqqptqpqpldevqvetpat
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803_substr._GT-I  coded_by=complement(3476363..3478675),organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 substr. GT-I,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manstfdlpiatpprtksfglpawlvlvcvvtfsvllgagaaiyknappipvtmvspqqeivmtqaevqrgqatylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdanfsqtdlealppvaqaqlqaevkqefkpnrydpetgilsltnaqtqglaqvfddyqalllngsaihsiprdwfpeagdrhdvtaffawtawtaaanrpnsplsytanwphddlignqapgqfivwsivsvivliaaialflfvyltqedaeevqavaerpalrlatpsqrittlffgvamalfgvqllmgmvtahyavegegfygiplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepkgqaigngillaaltlvvvgslvgawfgiqgylgndqsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralrpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpisvaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrsaalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfiaamgavasalevvpltligfevvkslklsqeaqgfyrmplkffiatcvwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslaialmlfalreitpdqfwnekkfnfafwwingglvtmlvtglipngfyqlmqsinhgtwyarsaevigsswmqgtvwlripgdlifavgaivllygvgqaiwgifqqptqpqpldevqvetpat
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21508..23796,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahsehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21500..23788,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahsehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=22533..24821,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahsehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27013..29301),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahsehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_ED133  coded_by=252385..254676,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus ED133,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrlgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvlicflmvnmkltaiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Campylobacter_concisus_UNSW3  coded_by=complement(33095..35326),organism=Campylobacter concisus UNSW3,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mreykrywlalvavlvvcfsilgyygvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkyadlndeqkanlkvlikkeyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkaisqvaseyaalfgddpkfkslreayamkentlpgasdradlnkfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiasvvilltgvgllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfvfqiliggftahytvegqefygvnlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqkhgvnllfyallilvvgsfvgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimaigasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyrlqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasldqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwlrmlgdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkka
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_668  coded_by=1995706..1998027,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 668,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=180798..183119,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Nitrosococcus_halophilus_Nc_4  coded_by=1579439..1580785,organism=Nitrosococcus halophilus Nc 4,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqtqklaypyfiaalalflvqvmagvlagsvyvfpnflsesvpfhiirmihtnallvwlllgyfgasyflipeeseheihspkvawlqlgifvfaalaavvgylfrihegrefleqplwikillvvafllflynvtltvlkgrktvvstvlliglwgaalfflfafynpsnlaldkmywwwvvhvwvegvwelimasmlafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivglsivsgllgtghhyywigtpsywlwigglfsvlevlpffamvlwafylvyrsgrdhpnkaamlwslgcpvmaffgagvwglmhsfspvnfyshgtqvtaahghlafygayvmlnlafftyalpalrglqpfnqilnmwsfwimtgamafmtftltfagvvqthlqrvlgmgfmeiqqqislfywlrlgagaffvigallyvfaalgpvreqmmaslkaqptak
>Cecembia_lonarensis_LW9  coded_by=complement(19582..20937),organism=Cecembia lonarensis LW9,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqqvaywffalcmllfalqivygfimgfarigmdglhdwipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvklayvqlislavvgvaaitgyhfniwegrkfleipreldylvvvnvllflgiilatlfkgkwqtttalvmtmglvfaallylpgmiwfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwlvvggvfsaleplaflamalfavymyrkgeknhpnkialfwtigaaivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghyafwgayvmivlaiisyampnitgrkrhdktnghlafwlsnigmlgmvvalgvagvvqvylerrlsmdfmiaqeevkihfvvmllcatmfatgigiyiyefikygrptnealskkeetvlvs
>Stappia_aggregata_IAM_12614  coded_by=150143..151513,organism=Stappia aggregata IAM 12614,definition=nitric oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqsqkvalayfavalglfavqvlggllagyiyvapnflsellpfnivrmlhtnslivwlllgfmgsayflipeeaereihstklaylqliilvvgtlgvvltyvfnlfegnwllgkegrefieqpkwvkvgivvaaliflfnitmtvlkgkktaitnilllglwglallflfsfynpsnlsldkqywwnvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmlkltgvdreviekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaiityampllrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmsfmtfvltfagtvqthlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlavfywmrfgagaafvlgailfiyavavprreviqpgeaagvlae
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=22558..24876,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlykaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=996292..997632,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqsqkvalayfsvamglfaiqvlggllagwiyvspntlseilpfnvvrmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaerelfsvklaylqlailvigtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltalagrktaitnillaglwllcllwvfafinpdnlgldkmywwyivhlwvegtwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdreviekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwigsifstmevipffammsfafvmvwkgrrnhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyfthgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmllgrapynqwlnmtsfwlmttgmafmtftltfagtvqvhmqrvigdyymdvqdqlamfymirfgsgamvvlgallfiyslaavrktapaahavgeaa
>Candidatus_Halobonum_tyrrellensis_G22  coded_by=complement(194050..196464),organism=Candidatus Halobonum tyrrellensis G22,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mrydddaihldydantgtesntaprrehnggsvmevrrrtlarallvvfvfnlvfmgagayfayqqsperpdrvvgpdgatlatnaeitegkavfqrnglmnqgsilgngayfgadytadaqdrlvtnmrsyvarerygsayaglgpaeraavnstverqlsngelgdtvrltaaeayayervreayveryhggardhgipagfvdspeearrfadfalwtalfatvdrpnadtswtnefpynpgagntppvsaltwsvvamvllvagggagiwlysavelpepttdgvdvpdpseidlfpsqfaavrfvpvaavlflvqtllggliahyyieregfygvaealgvdamglmpfattkawhidlavlwiatlwlgiglflpplltgqepddqkryvhvllgalfvvvvgglggvwlgaqgyldgalwwilgnegleylevgrlwqvgllvgfvlwtglvargfkplldreepyglahlilyaggsigllfsasmlytpktsmvvtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffvvaivavslvsmnlltrrsaekavmfealfvmgagvigvshhywwiglpdywvpigsvfstlefiplvfilyealgqyramsaagetfpyrlpfafivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplvnyfehgtfltvghahgamfgafgflalglatyvlrfttkpdewdptnlkrafwllnvglawmvfvgdvpvgflqletvftqgydagrslafysrplvqrlfwarlpgdvlvilgaavfsydvvkkrfvrreettatsggtvvsrrlfgdeedagtelgdd
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_PAT10  coded_by=127492..129810,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis PAT10,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_1002  coded_by=127521..129839,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis 1002,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_267  coded_by=127473..129791,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis 267,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_P54B96  coded_by=127501..129819,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis P54B96,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=127519..129837,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_I19  coded_by=127509..129827,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis I19,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_42/02-A  coded_by=127515..129833,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis 42/02-A,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=127512..129830,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing protein
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=128070..130388,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=127512..129830,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_WH6  coded_by=complement(43022..44443),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens WH6,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mrsanpylkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaillfwvfavagvltilgyllvpyaalaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapqvwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvmfaftmvkrrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqltaahghlaffgayamivmtlisyamprlrgigeapdprsqaleirgfwimvlsmvmitlfltaagavqvwlqrwqvdgvalpfmatvehlqglfwarlaagvlfmfgllcylfsfrqrarvagapvpivy
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=4816970..4818397,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhsprlalilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivlvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafstvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahahlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtleiwgfwmmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqiylqrwqadgialpfmatvehlqvlfwtrlgagvgflagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Marinobacter_santoriniensis_NKSG1  coded_by=1098051..1100333,organism=Marinobacter santoriniensis NKSG1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
manyrrlwliliatlavtfallgyfgtevyraappipdrvvnadgqtlmtedsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawlniaametygtrysnlsgpeqndlqyrlktayrtntydpetgtltlsdrriqairetadyysrlfsdapelrstrehyamkedtlpnvkrrerltefffwtawaastdrpgseatytnnwpheplidnqptaenivwsivsivlliagvgglvwawsflrkhdeaepsapasdplslvkltasqkalgkylflvvallafqvmmggvtahytvegqsfygfdlskwfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvlvvvgsfignflaiaqimppelnfwlghqgyefvdlgrlwqigkftgiafwlvlmlrgivpalkqpgdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygertpisimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifcsmglvsrtiatssslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlkssapwmekvrwplmffvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllilrylrpnlvfnerlmktgfwwlngglvlmlftsllpigiiqfvasageglwyarseaflqgdllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalavgwqvvsalffpnrvpvgatpaeavsea
>Lactobacillus_fermentum  coded_by=414957..417299,organism=Lactobacillus fermentum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpghsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrkmakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqsrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmctgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqvneide
>Pleurocapsa_sp._PCC_7327  coded_by=2104064..2106364,organism=Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7327,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtdstldinvaararsrsfdfpawlvlicilsfsallaagaaiwknappvpeiirspqqaiiitqaeiqagqetylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgkpdfsqeelealsaperasliaktseqfktnrydlqtheliltseqtqglqkvfddyrellargsaihsipngwfkdetqihnvtaffvwtawaaaatrpgapfsytanwphddlvgnlapgqflvwsivsvvvliagigaflfvylqqeeteeiqpvptrpavriptpsqkvtslffgvamalfltqilmgmftahyavegegfygiplarflpyaasrtwhlqfalfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgnyepkyqavgntillvalavvvvgsaigtweavtgvldvkssffwghqgyeyielgrvwqllligamifwvwlmyrafkpalrleknptglshfflysaitiplfysvglaysnrtplslaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkkssalratylttilylgsgiigtlhhlyfsgtpsfiaavgsvfsalevvplaligfeilrtlklsqeaegfyrwplrffiatcfwnlvgagifgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahaalfgvygclalalmlfalrefapepawnekllrfafwtingglvgmlvfglipngfyqlvrsieqgtwfarsaevigspwmrwtvwlripgdvifaigaltmfiftvraivaifhfpvqtiqpkleasr
>Massilia_sp._Root351  coded_by=complement(230954..233236),organism=Massilia sp. Root351,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatrklwtwlavicalsfavlgwvgaeiylaappipqrivstegrllysegqvqrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalrqiwalrehkapyeslgkpaqaaldarvqqemrsntydpgrgaivlspdradavqevarhytglfgddraldalreqyamtansltdpeelaalpafvfwsawaaatdrpgeaglsytsnwpheplvgnrpgasagiwsvasivlmlgaiaamvmfharsseeadpvpakadpllklaptpsmratrkyffvvialilvqvamgvitahyavegqsffglpladvlpfvvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkyqklgvnvlfyallfivagstvsgwlgtlqhrgsafafwlgnqgleftsmgriwqillfvgllfwvtllgralwpalkkpsdsrglivmvflsalciggfyatsltwgrsthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraaaansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigsmfsalevvplsmlgieawrnyqrskaapwvssyrwailcfiavgfwntvgagllgfaintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrgmseraawsdrllspmfwclniglammvflslapagvyqawasistgmwfarspevvhsplmetlvwmrvpgdvvfaagtlflalfawrllragqpraavaapgaaavrqs
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_258  coded_by=143297..145615,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis 258,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifaigalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_316  coded_by=128208..130526,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis 316,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifaigalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_CIP_52.97  coded_by=127517..129835,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis CIP 52.97,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifaigalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=143239..145557,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifaigalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Acidovorax_sp._Root568  coded_by=complement(184833..187118),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root568,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipdkiataggevlythdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwldvaaerahgkpfaeldaaaqavlrdrmkteyrtntyspetgvatvssvradaiamtalyydqlfsdvpalhktrehfamkentlpsaerraqmtgfffwtawaaaterpgttatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwsflrkhdeveptppqhdplsrvpltpsqrglgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqqfyginvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpawqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgiafwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrtpwmarlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfserlmttgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpiglfqfhasvseglwyargeafmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalamawqvvsgvfgsrapaanagaylaetrr
>Muricauda_ruestringensis_DSM_13258  coded_by=3203269..3205644,organism=Muricauda ruestringensis DSM 13258,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, subunit B
mhkiknketvtgkkglkknidywmdtknwwgplvfiliislagvgmigfqtyndappmtgfrtqdgallisktdiekgqivfhkyalmeygsffgdgaqrgpdftaealhqitihvnayyqkqfeaqngrsandneqkviaekvkqelkkngydsaedivvlndayvyalekvrdyyqnvflntsressfplknyitdkeevlnlsnfffwgawvcvterpgesfsythnwpydakagntptspvvlwsvlgllafvlvcgvvlyfigqynqlsnkffkpaskelltarsvrdftptrtqrasykfflvaivlffvqvssgfvtinefvdylgffgvefsesfpitisrswhlmlslywistcwiassifilpilakrevehqlplinllfvllvvlvagsltgmvlgpmgflgdwwhalghqgwefvdfgqafqvllmlifvlwgivvfrgirpafvkgmpwnlpnwimysiigipllfisgfvarpetnfviadfwrwmvvhmwveaffevfitvivsylmvlmglvsrnaairviyfatilflgtgllgishnfywnakpvatmalgsifstlqfvplilltveawrfknmprialegvkpselgdfgfpevfsfliavnfwnffgagvlgiiinlpimnyyehgtyltvnhahaalmgvygnislaamlfatkllfktkkwnkklvkvsfwsiniglmlmvlldllpagtiqfkavvdnglwfarseefigggvfqsltwlrgigaclflfggviplmlfivsragslkrsqssdksliqiarhdti
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33767..36058),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmgfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(33740..36031),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmgfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Mycobacterium_rhodesiae_NBB3  coded_by=complement(888404..890809),organism=Mycobacterium rhodesiae NBB3,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mteqsflpaptraelaiskgwvqgvalvmvfgflimgilaartyadsmplpqrvvgpdgqtvfteqqvtagqqiflrrglqqygsimghggylgpdytaeylrlsaddvgqqlrdsgspdptadlvemmrtnrfdeetatlqftaeqvaaynrirdyyadffgtnttehgllpelitdpqeitdltaffswtawasaaeraghdysytnnwppeervgnrptadilvwsamsliallaglgalfalygrwsrkigwhstetpslafrqpgeveitpsqkatawfflvvavlflaqavlggaiehyraelsnffgfdlaqvlpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaasflaagiflapiisgreprrqswltygllgalfivvvgtltgtalstfgvdwakgsiffdqqweyldlprfwqillviglflwmaiiyrairsrlktesklnmpwlffyaglaipafyavgmlagtqthltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrrriaiqlifldvilysvggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsamevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqsrssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfalryvippnrwpdklaklsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlwhsvndgyyeartlgyitqsgnvvlewlrmpgdflfilggvlpfvwiawlgvrygikatthtmpaetlfveehahaeedrtglaptgggasryasdrrlpddtenpggsp
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._K  coded_by=complement(3721169..3723478),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. K,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mrrgllvsrawpqaallvlvvgfgilgvlawrtytasppipertldprgrvvfdredvlagqelfltrglmdygsvlghggylgpdftaeylrrsarfvaarngesereggprtwaelrenrydpatgvlrftdgqaaafdhvreslraffslpsartglspglvstpedlrqltaffawtawaasthrpgadysytnnwppeplvlnrptgsmvvwsvlslvallggtgllfaafgrwrflgwqgretqtltfrrpqdvpltpgqratgwyflvmallflaqtlvggatqhyraelegffgidlaallpfnvvrtwhlqlaifwvatsylaagifvapmiagreprgqralafallgalavvvvgslfgelagihgwirgywlgnqgfeylelgrfwqvlliaglfawaamlyrtlrprlarehlgnmpwlfffaalaipafyavgllahprahftvtdywrfwvvhlwvedflelfttaivaylfvllgvvaekaavrlvyleiilysvggvvgtmhhvyfsgepaehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawsflslakaqqregaapfphrwavmflaavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqvgtaltanhghaammgvygmlavalalfavrylvaperwserlakvsfwslnlglgwmvfatlfpigvlqlyrsvtvgyfearqleyvtarplslfewwrlpgdalfivggvlplvvlcwrgiraaprpttapagesplfsdvegpgaaaegapgghaaprrl
>Haloferax_larsenii_JCM_13917  coded_by=303770..306058,organism=Haloferax larsenii JCM 13917,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mkvsrqtlwrllaavfvvnlvvmglgawysaqqappipdevvgpdgeslatgadvrqgkvvfqqnglmnhgsilgngayfgsdltaealdmkveymrdyyarekygtsfsdldadakaavsdqvrreldsavgragtieysaaemyaheqvreryvelyhegelergipsgtvsdeaearrladfamwtawfshadrpgsdhsytnewpyqpaagnepagatmtwsviamvllvagagigvwlyksvelpepktgavdvphprdvaltpsqraasryvpiaallfvvqvmlggllahyyierdgffglgellgidflsilpfsmaktlhldlgilwiatlwlgaglflpplltgyepknqdryvngllvalvvvvvggmsgiwlgangyidgqlwwilgnegleylevgrfwqfgllagfliwaglaargfkplldkeapyglahmilyaggsiallftagllytpqtnivttefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffiiavvsltlvsmnllsrrsaekavafealfvmgtgvigvshhywwvgqpdvwlplgsifstleliplvlilfeamneyrtlatsgesfpytlpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplvnyyehgtyltvahahaamfgafgflalgmatyilrltvspgqwverrlrwafwlwnaglalmvlvsllpvgflqlevaftqsyaaarslefyngglvqalfwarlpgdtlliagtivfaydvvkkrfvlretsdvpartpvsdqvmsddd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_N1568  coded_by=4191..6446,organism=Neisseria meningitidis N1568,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_98002  coded_by=complement(3119..5374),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 98002,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2005172  coded_by=complement(3121..5376),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2005172,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2008223  coded_by=complement(14455..16710),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2008223,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97014  coded_by=complement(30785..33040),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97014,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2006087  coded_by=35843..38098,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2006087,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2002038  coded_by=36477..38732,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2002038,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97021  coded_by=35455..37710,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97021,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Acidovorax_sp._SD340  coded_by=1596..3878,organism=Acidovorax sp. SD340,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipakiataggevlfthdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwldvaaerahgkpfaeldaaaqavlrdrmkteyrtntynpetgvatvsttradaiamtalyygqlfsdapalhktrehfamkentlpsaerraqmtgfffwtawaaaterpgttatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeveptppqhdplsrvpltpsqrglgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqqfyginvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpawqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgiafwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsprmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrakwmanlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfserlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpiglfqfhasvseglwyargeafmqqpfmqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalamawqvvsglfgsrapaqagpylaqarr
>Waddlia_chondrophila_2032/99  coded_by=67264..69594,organism=Waddlia chondrophila 2032/99,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mnkkctdekwsfkmsfdleknekispwwryisllvlvigftilgavtkvaydntppipkqvvdssgqviftgdqvirgqgvflkknlmehgtlwghgaylgpdysashlheqtlfmqeyladkiyqkpfdqldsfergsvlreipkilkenrydsesdsllfteveaksyehsinvwknyfasekaqglpkgyisdpeelsdlssffawaswasaanrpgedftytnnfpydpvagnypsadaylwsaisllfiigvtglvlfivskfgfgwgekskqqhicetyltlptltasqratgkffviaiflflfqsliggllahyrveptfygfpiadflpynllrtwhlqlaifwiatawvaaglfiapllseheprnqalgvnllfgallivvvgslfgeflssrdfftgdwwfwfgnqgseyldlgrfwqyllivgfsfwlyllfgalkpafrlprrrelsilfflasstipifyvpavfynhethftlidnwrfwiihlwvegffevfatvlvaiialqmgiiraitalriiyldvilyllggvvgtghhwyftgqtnlnmalsacfsamevvpltlltmearhfirvthskcekcghymaekqlwtvyfliavgvwnfvgagmfgflinlpvisyfevgtnltpnhghaamfgvfgmlalgatmfcmramqdeevwkynktlikigfwglnggmglmvvldlfpagvlqlwdamqngywhareltflmsgyfytlewmrmagdlififvgvvptviailraflscgfskqkvaa
>Anaeromyxobacter_dehalogenans_2CP-C  coded_by=complement(4262710..4265001),organism=Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans 2CP-C,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mpyrahwialfvvlagsfailggyapsiyssapplpdrvigpggttvidggailrgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreanaildrwaraegggryatlsperqaalrerlrtmlhentysedartirvgperaaafeelarhyaavfrdgvdayaipagalsdparardmaaffwwtawaavtdrpgqqvtytqnwphdplvgnrptgqavvwsvisfvlllagigalawyhggrkepetvaeelpmrdplfglrptpsqratvkyfwvaaallvvqialgaltahygvegsklygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavsgfeprgqrlgvnllfvslvvivvgslagqwlsvmqrlggeswywfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglflwlglmlralwpalrrpsatrpllllfvlsslaialfygaglmygrttnlavveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllhpdkatratffsttvflaggivgtfhhnyfagtpssvmalgatfsalevvpltlvglevwqnirltrartwvsayrwpiyffvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinppialyymqglnttpvhghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclralrpgaawkerpmawsfwlinaglammvmisvlpvgilqtwaavetgtwwarsaefmqtplmntlrwlrvpgdtvfaagalvlgwfvlglatgwslrrtgrvdegatdvteeeapadaga
>Beggiatoa_sp._PS  coded_by=136..1569,organism=Beggiatoa sp. PS,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mpyssqvvakpyfitalalfggqvlfglitglqyivgdflfpvlpfnvarlvhtnlvilwllfgfmgaayyiipeeaetelhhpklaillfwlfifisvltilgyllvsyatlakitgnrflatmgreyleqptilklgmvgiilgflynigmtirygrktvinlvlfigltalvaffllafynpdnlvvgkyyawwtihfwlecvwilimtallafillkvtgverefverwlllivatalltgimgtshhyywigtpgywqwwgsifsalepipfflialfvfhavnrrryqysnqvinlwilgtgimaflgagvwgflqslapinyythgtqitaahshlsffgaygmimltvmsyampilrgqgvvsnplaqtlerwafwlmtlsmifmglfltaagilqvyyqriisdplpfmvvqeqlslwywlreitgltllcgiiiyiasfftcalskekvqikipkvqikipqvtkln
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3001  coded_by=complement(78347..80602),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3001,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlskwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Actinomyces_massiliensis_F0489  coded_by=1982..4324,organism=Actinomyces massiliensis F0489,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mssaataeeatsrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpervvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkeqlasqgvddpaaatkemlrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayndavghytkmfgpdahshglkpdlitdpvqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwppeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqrigwhseeapalsfrqpeeigltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgldlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarreprrqhvlvwtlfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfsqqweyldlpfvfqvlltvalfvwvfiiwramrrrlsnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwpeklaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdtfaedalyeeikggrkawrgeraelnd
>Neisseria_elongata_subsp._glycolytica_ATCC_29315  coded_by=562066..564312,organism=Neisseria elongata subsp. glycolytica ATCC 29315,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgseiykkappypekvvtasgqvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldftaqaqfgknyeqldaaqqatlrtqladeyrnqskvkedgtvvisetrqkaieavapyyiklygndpdmvqtrdnfamknntlpseearkkltnfffwtawsastnrpdkeftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsivlllsgiglllwgysfltkheevqppaedplskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvaqvllggltahytiegqhfyginfsdwlpyalartwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapiinggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvlgsyggnflalsdnmpaamnfwfghqgyefldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmircaftafkekntdknllaifvasmfgvgvfyapglfygehspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatasfafifynmgfvrrntataatlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplillgreayehwsyqnaapwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvalylkpeehfndklmtwgfwllngglvgmiatsllpigaiqaaasistglwyarsenflqqdlletlrwirtlsdlifiggaccfawqatktvfgfgkakn
>Ralstonia_eutropha_H16  coded_by=862..3150,organism=Ralstonia eutropha H16,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllayygaevyrqappmpakvvaadgrtlftgedildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaaqdayhkpydkldaaargalreqlraeyrgnaadpatsvltvsnrraqamaatagyydklfsdapelhtsrehfamkentlpsaerrqqlthfffwtawaaaterpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgheealpqapardpllsfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvflggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvdilfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklppnlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgiapalrarsggdknllalltssvvaiglfygaglfygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasrslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawdnwrlkdrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvvryvrpayrlspglmktafwglnaglvlmigtsllpvgiiqflasvehgtwyarseefmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfalqvvlgllgkapalaapegrlnaaqr
>Arthrospira_maxima_CS-328  coded_by=complement(142132..143697),organism=Arthrospira maxima CS-328,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mivliaaiavflfiyltqedpeevqvvterpsirlatpsqkvttlffgvamalflvqilmgmvtahyavegdgfygvplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkneppgqswgngallgaltvvvvgsligawagvqgflgdksfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmyralkpalkaegsktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtplsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvtiaylcselgflkrssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtpvfitamgavasalevvpltligfevvksirlsqeaqgfyrvplkfligtcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslalalmlfalreitpdhagneklfnlsfwginiglvmmmvfglipsgfyqlvqsvnhgtwyarsaevinsswmhwtvwlripgdivfslgallmvlcvlrsiiaifqqptqpqpdapltadypm
>Candidatus_Methylomirabilis_oxyfera  coded_by=complement(1625578..1627770),organism=Candidatus Methylomirabilis oxyfera,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, qNOR-like (norZ)
mraspnglspwwryslaitmicglavliwlavrtyqfappipdkvigpggvtvmtaeeirigqevflkyglmengsvwghgaylgpdfsaeylhalavaagpalkqnrydphtgiltftevetatferqvarwtayfaepmgsvglpagyitdpkelrqltaffawtawasvanrpdkpysytnnfpyeplagntltadailwsalslitllagiagvlvafgkfdflgwkgrsghvhpmmlpgvasdsqratiklfamvallfvvqvivgaavahyraepgkfygldlaevapshimrtwhlqlaifwiatayvagglflaaglgnrevrgqvpginllcvalvvvvvgsslgewlgvnqvfgplwfwfghqgweyldlgrawqvllviglvlwlillvramapardnpkqrqivwlfqyaalaiplfylpamffgstthlsvvdnwrfwivhlwvegflelfvtvmvaliffqlgvmshanverviyldailylgsgiigtghhwywtgqttitmalsavfsamevvpltlltldawdfikltqsecdacelpvavphkwlfyflmavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpvvsfyevgtiltsnhghtammgvfgmlalalmvlafrqvlddrqwqhvekyvrvsfwglniglalmvilslfpggvlqlwdvltngywhargpefmdqpfvrllewlrlpgdavfitfgavpmalaalltwrfihangrrqs
>Rhodanobacter_spathiphylli_B39  coded_by=complement(19335..21617),organism=Rhodanobacter spathiphylli B39,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
msttrklwlglaallvasfavllwvgkevhqqapplptavvtadgqtlytkgdmeegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhresmamlellsrdaglgpydtltaqqqaplkarvqeelrtntwdaasntitvsalrarameavaahymsllgndpathklregyamrentvaemehrrevtaffwwtswaaatqrpnepmsytqnwpyeplagntptstsflwsvfsilfmifgigllgwhharqvsheplpvvpardpltelkatpsmkatgkyfwtvlglflaqillgattahyqvegqqaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrlgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglkynfwfghqgweytdlgrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgralwpamdrnkegasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvrlgllrvttattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligmeayetwkkqheapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnlvgagllgflvntpialyymqglnltathghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgirpdaewregwlksafwllniglslmaaltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdslfalgallisvfvaalwlapkrrsatlplgkrqtegv
>Campylobacter_concisus_UNSW1  coded_by=complement(3517..5748),organism=Campylobacter concisus UNSW1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mreykrywlalvavlvvcfsilgyygvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkytdlndeqkanlkvllkkeyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkaisqvaseyaalfgddpkfkslreayamkentlpgasdradlnnfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsvasvvilltgvgllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfafqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfvgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfqtlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimaigasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyrlqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylykgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasldqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwlrmlgdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkka
>Kangiella_koreensis_DSM_16069  coded_by=2203750..2206029,organism=Kangiella koreensis DSM 16069,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgkyrklwftligvlavtftilgyfgrevyreappipenivttdgrvlmtnesildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreleawlelaaqeefgvsyadldgekqqtlqyrlkqdyrtntydlatdtavvserrakamaevnayyhklfsdapeyrqrrdnyamkentlpkaerrevmnqfffwtawaastnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenivwsiisvilliagigglvwgwafmrkhdeedppapeqdpittfkltpsqkalgkylfvvvalftfqvlvggltahytvegqgfygfeiskwipyslsrtwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflvpiinggkdpkhqklgvnilfwalvavvagtfignylaiaqimpenlsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqwgkflgivfwlflmmrgitpalkkpgdknllvlltasvvaiglfygagffygerthisvmefwrwwivhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvnrstataasiasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgyeawenyrlktraawmdnirwplmcfvavafwnmfgagvlgfminppvslyyvqglnmtpthahaalfgvygflalgfallilryirphmvfderlmktgfwwlniglmmmlltsllpvgliqfyasvsegfwyarseavmqsdilytlrwvrtigdvvfivgalavtwqvikglrepaegrkpvgkpieega
>Halomicrobium_mukohataei_DSM_12286  coded_by=1886138..1888426,organism=Halomicrobium mukohataei DSM 12286,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqvqratiakiiavvfvfnlivmgggawlayqsappipdevvgpdgdtivtgqeirdgkkafqkdglmnhgsilgngayygqdytadtldlkvqhmrdyyaqerhdsaydalesdeqaavadvverdldgeydggpieysaaeayaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvdmidseeaarqfadfalwtawfshtdrpggdhsytndwpfqpgagndataaamtwsviamvllvagagfgvwlyksislpepsakgisvpepgdvkvfpsqraalrfvpvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgveeifgvhilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepdrqstyvngllaaivvvvvgglggiwlgskgyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwavlsvrglkplldrepsyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpdtniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllkrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwigmpdiwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramtgagesfpyrlpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqiaiepdrwdgtwlryafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqletiftgsyaagrslafynqpivqtlfwarlpgdtlmilgtaiyaadivrkrfvlrktaadpdiddvavakgvlddd
>Herbaspirillum_frisingense_GSF30  coded_by=159384..161684,organism=Herbaspirillum frisingense GSF30,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mksvhrlwrwlglifvlsfgilgflgyqihlqappipktvmssegellytgeqiqagqrawlsaggqqigtvwghgayvapdwsadwlhrealalrellleqrgaglvgtqaaftssptssstaaldaavrdemrhngydaatqvltvsrqraqaiqataahyeglfgsdpalqplreqyamvagslpeatdrralgafffwsswaaatdrpgqtglsytsnwpheplvgnkmsvsaamwsmasivlliagiaamvwfhggqkhaeqsvlpkvdpfldvvatpsmkatrkyffavigllllqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqllpyvvsrtvhtqvgifwiatawlatglyiapllsgreprfqklgvdvlfwaliaivvgstatgwigslqhagvdfsfwignqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwllllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfyasslmwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvqtasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgavfsalevvplamigleavqtyrraqgaawmraykwpilcfvavgfwntvgagvlgfainppaslyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarerhadgwlkpaylclnlglammvfmsllptgiyqawasidrgmwfarspevlhsrvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagglmlacyaigllrrpgrhaarsavavpaeka
>Ralstonia_eutropha_JMP134  coded_by=complement(1793098..1795383),organism=Ralstonia eutropha JMP134,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mgpyrrlwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappipakvvasdgralftgddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaaqqqygrpyakldgpaqaglreqlrteyrgnqtdaqtgvltvsplraqaiaqtadyydrlfsdspdlhtsrehfamkentlpsaerraqlthfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptrenvvwsvvsvvvllagvgllvwawaflrgqeenlphaptrdpllavaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvflggftahytvegqkfygldvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkfqrlgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqilpanlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgiwpalrargsdknllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafvfctlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawdnwrlkdrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlspalmktafwglnaglvlmistsllpigiiqflasveygtwysrseafmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfalqvvlglgnrtiiadakpvgleparr
>Pseudomonas_chloritidismutans_AW-1  coded_by=complement(57842..59209),organism=Pseudomonas chloritidismutans AW-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirkagrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlddtepvlaerevhpt
>Pseudomonas_sp._BICA1-14  coded_by=complement(7049..8416),organism=Pseudomonas sp. BICA1-14,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirkagrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlddtepvlaerevhpt
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(15064..16431),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirkagrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlddtepvlaerevhpt
>Pseudomonas_xanthomarina  coded_by=complement(59195..60562),organism=Pseudomonas xanthomarina,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirkagrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlddtepvlaerevhpt
>Thioploca_ingrica  coded_by=382667..384067,organism=Thioploca ingrica,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqyssqavakpyfiaaiglfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfniarmvhtnllivwilfgfmgaayylipeeaekelhspllaialfwifliagvltilgyllmsyaklaaftgnsflptmgrefleqptitkvgivivvlgfiynigmtvlqgrktvvnlvlmtgliglavmflfsfynpsnlvldkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgsilafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyywigtpeywqwwgsvfsaleplpfflmtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaatlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapinyythgtqitaahghmsffgayamivltiisyampllrgraansnkaqvlemwsfwlmtismvfitlfltaagilqvylqratdtplafmavqekvalfywlreisgliffiglviylisffvtgeqksavpagatatn
>Halorubrum_distributum_JCM_10118  coded_by=complement(221257..223344),organism=Halorubrum distributum JCM 10118,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktqhmreyyadaeygaaydaldsgeqsridaivrdeldqshdggdvveysaaelyahervretyveryhegdhdrgvpvemigseeeaeafadfalwtawfshtdrpnadhsytnewpyspgagndatgsamiwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepssagisvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiervfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqgtyvsvllgalvvivvggmggiwlgangylpgelwwllgnegleylevgkvwqagllagfilwavlairglkplldreppyglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpstniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramretgfpyklpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqldvaftesyaaarslafyerdivqtlfwarlpgdtliiagtavyvadlirkrfvlraseddpsvddmavaegivgddd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_TSV_48  coded_by=complement(1868159..1870207),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei TSV 48,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaapttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvvavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrrateiqretrplgvlav
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=86452..88500,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaapttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvvavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrrateiqretrplgvlav
>Alcanivorax_sp._PN-3  coded_by=complement(10195..12465),organism=Alcanivorax sp. PN-3,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mahyrklwwtliavlavtfallgyfgtevyrkappipdrvvtedgtvlmtrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelihwlelaarerygqsydaldsehqamlqralrdayrtntfqqsdgtltvsnrraeamaltadyysrlfgdapelrgtrqsyamkegtlpsesrrraltqfffwtawaaaterpdgeatytnnwpheplidnvptaeniiwsivsvilliagvgflilgwaflrrhddeppapardplslvsltpsqkalgkylflvvalftfqvflggavahytvegqhfygfelsqyfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimpenlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgigpalrqpgdkhllvlltasvtaiglfygagffygerthlsimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifynlglvsrtvatgaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawehsklrerapwmeqmkwpvacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlrfsdrlmrngfwllniglvlmistsllpvgliqfhasvsegmwyargeafmqqdllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalavawqvvsgvlfgsrasalepaesnt
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Soil772  coded_by=complement(467395..469686),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Soil772,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mstaaqpltpedpelspwwlrtvlivmvlgfaglltitslayrnappipaqvvdaqgnrlfsgddisegqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaealhrigedtaaaiaqqqyrqplsaltpgqraavraetavelktnrydaasgtlqltapetaayrqqvsywtdyflhperngglkaglitdptelhqfsafvswaawasvanrpgenysytnnfpydpdvgniavpgallwsalslivllagiavvllmfgkfdylgwisrgqhihphllpgaaspgqralvkffvavallflmqtlvggavahyradpgsfygfqletifpsnlmrtwhlqtaifwiatayvaaalflgrtlrndeprwfapsvhllfgafvlviggsllgewlgisqmlgkwwfwlgnqgweflelgriwqfllvigllawfamlwllvrsrtlanpeskplvkmflfaavaipvfyipalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldgilyflggligtghhwyftgqtsvnmamsamvsvlevvpltlltldawdfvhttrgqcdicgkslaiphkwtfyfliavgvwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyevgtqltpnhghaammgvfgmlalalmvftlrqtssderwagmekyvrvgfwgtnvglammvvfslfpsgvlqvwdvvqhgywharsldfigsprshliewmrlpgdlvfiifgaipltiaaikgwlgihrqag
>Pseudomonas_alkylphenolia  coded_by=2327938..2329365,organism=Pseudomonas alkylphenolia,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit NorB
mssanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaillfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvlfafsmvrnrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqnlevwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagvvqvllqrwaedgsalpfmsttehlrglfwarlvsglgfmagllcyllsfrqrgraalraparvvps
>Osedax_symbiont_Rs1  coded_by=6165..8417,organism=Osedax symbiont Rs1,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mklktiawslavmcivsfsillslgsdiyreapplpdkvvtstgaqvfsyddidqgqlawrsmgghqlgsiwghgaylapdwsadwlhreaqawleiaaqqsfsrsfvdltigqqagleaelrvdlrtntydkatntiiisehrakaiskvkehyvslfgdapetqdlrvayamknntlnsverreqlsafvfwsawaavtqridknytythnwpfdpqvgnnptsslivwsilsvcflllgvgalvwyhathqeaplpkapssdplfsmkvtpsqkvaglffitaialfllqmllggvvahyavegqsfygvntadlfpyslvrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkwqwqlclvlwaalvvivvgsmagewlavqqvfsldmnyvfghqgheyidlgrfwqlflmvglliwlvlvtrsirpvlgkntdqrpiiwvlylscvaiggfylaglgmgkhtnmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavtalmfvrlglvrtvsansavlfstlifltggiigtahhwyfvgtpnsviawgammsalevvplaligfeglqtyrmrkaaswvskyhwpimffvatafwnlvgagvlgflintpialyfvqglnttathahgafmgvygnlglglmlfclvgisqlkgwvnwllkwafwsfniglmamlvmsllpigiiqffavidsgywfarspellqgdlvqnlvwnrvwgdvifslgglllaifvikllvsyfkksaksia
>Cardiobacterium_hominis_ATCC_15826  coded_by=5948..8221,organism=Cardiobacterium hominis ATCC 15826,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkeykrlwiilglimigsfiilgyfgkeiynerppipaefvdesgktiyteadilagqsawqsiggmsvgtvwghgayqapdwtadwihrevlgwldqqaqreygkpydqlserdqatlhydaqqafrkntydqatgkvtlsadrvrsiegvaayydklfgsapelhklreayamkedtlpdadkraklnafffwsawaastnrpnldvtytnnwpheplignhpsaenviwsissvvtlifgigsviwiwafftrhehdeiviperdpltlvkltpsqkalgkyllivaalffaqvmlggftahytvegqdfygipvadwlpysltrtwhiqsaifwiatgflaaglflvpiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfwalivvvvgsylgqfvalkgwmnsklnfwlghqgyefveigrlwqialflglvfwlalmlrgiwtalrqpgdksllilftasaaaigllyapalvygehthisimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattavgfifynlgmvskraattaallaamlfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpilaigamfsalevvplvllgydafenwtiqhksewmkpmrwpltffiavsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislyylqglnttpnhghaalfgvygflalgftlmvlryirptlqmngklmfcafwllnlglalmlftsllpigiiqahaaineglwwarsaefteqtpiihtlrwvrtigdvvfilgavafgtqivkgllhkepaeaatptaqs
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_10230  coded_by=complement(88555..90801),organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 10230,definition=hypothetical protein
mknrqrklwiaftivmlfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvpievrttngeivltasdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadflhrealylleyyaqekynksyenssleeqaylkahlqanirantydkatgvltiteernkarlhlqeyytklftddpeftqlrkdyaipnnaltdptrlkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdndvsythnwpaeelvgnvattpliawsgvsvillifavgvlvyyhvaskqeeedmvpmedpvsngtvtksmtilkkyfwvvcllmllqvglgiitahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyiapavggkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivlgsmigqwfgimqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlalmirpllpvlkekgshrnliilfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstvvfmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsiyrdikwnekllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftvgifaivlfvfkltlkksnhdk
>Myroides_sp._A21  coded_by=complement(500281..502527),organism=Myroides sp. A21,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mknrqrklwiaftivmlfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvpievrttngeivltasdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadflhrealylleyyaqekynksyenssleeqaylkahlqanirantydkatgvltiteernkarlhlqeyytklftddpeftqlrkdyaipnnaltdptrlkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdndvsythnwpaeelvgnvattpliawsgvsvillifavgvlvyyhvaskqeeedmvpmedpvsngtvtksmtilkkyfwvvcllmllqvglgiitahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyiapavggkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivlgsmigqwfgimqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlalmirpllpvlkekgshrnliilfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstvvfmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsiyrdikwnekllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftvgifaivlfvfkltlkksnhdk
>Thauera_sp._63  coded_by=121823..123202,organism=Thauera sp. 63,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqyksqavampyfiaaiglfvgqiifglimgmqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeeaetelyspklalilfwvflvagaatilgyllvpyatlaemtgndilatmgrefleqplitkigivvvalaflfnitmttlkgrktaismvlllglwglaifflfsfynptnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgallafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgiigtghhyywigtpeywqwwgsifsaleplpffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvltiisyampilrgraansnksqvlemwsfwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmsfmmaqdqvslfywmrewagvmffvgllvyvisffvkgetqpska
>Thauera_humireducens  coded_by=150520..151899,organism=Thauera humireducens,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqyksqavampyfiaaiglfvgqiifglimgmqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeeaetelyspklalilfwvflvagaatilgyllvpyatlaemtgndilatmgrefleqplitkigivvvalaflfnitmttlkgrktaismvlllglwglaifflfsfynptnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgallafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgiigtghhyywigtpeywqwwgsifsaleplpffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvltiisyampilrgraansnksqvlemwsfwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmsfmmaqdqvslfywmrewagvmffvgllvyvisffvkgetqpska
>Methylophaga_nitratireducenticrescens  coded_by=complement(437526..438938),organism=Methylophaga nitratireducenticrescens,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mnyqsqavakpyfifalilfagqilfglimglqyvvgdflslyipfnvarmvhtnlllvwllfgfmgasyylvpeesqtelyspllakitfwvfaaagvatilgyllvpyselarltrndllptmgrefleqptitkiglvvvilafvfnigmtilkgrktvvnmvlitgliglallflfsfynpsnlvldkffwwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlikvtgvdreiiekwlyviiamalisgligmghhyfwigpgeywlwlgsifsaiepvpffmmmlfafrmveqrrihhknevatlwakgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlaffgayamvvmciisyampimrgrpqgnspqaqqlerfafwamciamigitlaltaagvwqiilqripddanslafmatqeaispvywarlgfgllflggliayfasffvggdtvsdteakvvtnpa
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L353  coded_by=complement(15884..18118),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L353,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkkqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgvgglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlariwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegkkfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnesmskwafwlitigvivyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Mycobacterium_avium_2285_(S)  coded_by=complement(1720263..1722533),organism=Mycobacterium avium 2285 (S),definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
migkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftdaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_1956  coded_by=complement(1750485..1752755),organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare 1956,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
migkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftdaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Cellulophaga_baltica_NN016038  coded_by=complement(3731198..3733417),organism=Cellulophaga baltica NN016038,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkkvwiafssvvilsfialiwvgtevyqtqppipetvtikekgetvftkadiqigqnvwesiggmevgsiwghgsyvapdwsadwihkeavfmldawaqkdfntsygvldvenkaalkarlikdiktnsynpktgaitisaaryaairsntahytrifsegyeqyaipegaltdqvklaqlnaflfwtswaastnrpnedytytsnwphepligntitpdsqiwsgfsivllllfigalsyyyirnhekgeavihpkqdpldtlvltrsqravlkyfivisllialqvvlgaltvhytvegqaffgfdlssflpysitrtwhtqlavfwiaatwlatglflapmisgkemkfqgfginflfialllivlgsmlgewlgvhqfldlttnfffghqgyeymdlgrfwqiflgiglvlwvvmvgrhvifaikknddskhlliillisviaigmfffsglmygensslpvinywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatviiafiflrmkilsaktagkasiasatiflaggiigtlhhlyysgtpvqaialgatfsalevvpltlmgfeirenwnllksnewmqkykwpvfffiavafwnmvgagvfgflinppialyyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygllgmgfiiiclrfysdrvwnsvklkrafwflnvglvamvvlsllpigiiqaytsitkgysfardaellysptvqtlkwmrmigdiifsvgifyfcwftiqetvycikkkn
>Sorangium_cellulosum_So0157-2  coded_by=2372415..2374715,organism=Sorangium cellulosum So0157-2,definition=hypothetical protein
meyrklwialaivllasfavlggvgyravlsgppiparvvttdgrtlfdgrtiqdgqnvwqsiggqqigsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreavfvldrwardqgapsfaaldveqraalsarleerirrnsydpaqgtiaidparaeafealaayyasvfgegrdeyaiprgalvdpekqramaaffwwtawasaaerpgetvsytqnwpheplvgnrptgeavvwsvvsfvlllagvggmvwyfasreqdpeamsppardpllglsptpsqratvkyffvvaalwvvqvalgaitahygvegsgfygipldrwlpysvartwhvqigifwiatswlatglyvapavggveprgqrlyvnalfaallvvvvgslagewlgiqqrlgdlwfwfgaqgyeyvdlgrfwqillfgglcfwfwlmlralrpalarrdesrpllvlfalaslaiplfyaaglmygqrsplvtaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfarlrlirvapatravlfstviflgggiigtfhhlyftgvpsvvlalgavfsalevvplvligfeawgnvrlargaeraawlgayrwpiyffvavafwnfvgaglfgffinppialyymqglnttpvhghtalfgvygmlalglmlfclralrpglawkeralaaafwlingglvamvllsllpigllqawaavehgtwyarsaeflqtglmdklrwmrvlgdsafalgalllgwfvlglwtgrsfdpakgrveegepgirpgprsrpsaae
>Propionibacterium_acnes_J165  coded_by=complement(75472..77805),organism=Propionibacterium acnes J165,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigtffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Tetrasphaera_australiensis_Ben110  coded_by=complement(14869..17280),organism=Tetrasphaera australiensis Ben110,definition=putative Nitric oxide reductase subunit B (norB)
msstvtprtpdvdadeldayhrrhdrrwwialacvligsfgvllwmgkainthkppipaavtvtggsqlltredivegqkiwqslggqeigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatfildrwaseegaatyaaldpepqgalkarlkellrtntfdaasqtitldpirqeafdanaayyaklfadgnheyaipkgvltdaadarrmasffwwtswasstnspdaditytqnwpheplidnvpppsnvlwsiisiilllagiagmvwyhtandnrdreadehaaaphddpllgyqstpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiamgiiaahyaveggalygipidqvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvapavggrepkfqrlgvnvlcgalvvvvlgsmagewasimgkigrgdvanfwfgtqgmeyvdlgriwqigltiglflwlflmwraaspalkrsseinklmatsdaplaagsqrslvamllvsclaiagfygaafgighethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvmaflfsrlglirprtatsatlastviflaggiigtahhlyftgsptpvialgasfsalevvplslmgfeafrhlrllkvrkwvagykwaiyffvsvafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpgrewndkpiaigfwcmniglflmafmsllpvglgqawasineglwyarsseflsgdtmtllvwlrvpgdtifgigalaigvfmvglltgwslkkdggaveqgsvtavdesvda
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=1761992..1763362,organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywlipdesrtelhsvklayiqlilwtvmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphklvivvcmlifiynigmtikksgrftttegvlllgivssavlfvpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvpyywlpiggffsaleplaivgmamyaygamrraglshpnvlalhwtlgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamitlamisyalpslthgrpekgssigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlivcgsifatgvglfifdffryrprfevtepgvadndiavgrvv
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=1761992..1763362,organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywlipdesrtelhsvklayiqlilwtvmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphklvivvcmlifiynigmtikksgrftttegvlllgivssavlfvpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvpyywlpiggffsaleplaivgmamyaygamrraglshpnvlalhwtlgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamitlamisyalpslthgrpekgssigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlivcgsifatgvglfifdffryrprfevtepgvadndiavgrvv
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=18179..19567,organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
makpyfiaamllfagqivfgislglqyvigdflfpyipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayyivpeesetelwspklakalfwiflaagvltivgyltlpyaklaeltgndllqtmgrefleqplptkigivvvalgfllnvsmtvlkgrktsvsvvllmglwglaifflfsfvnphnlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegvwelilgallayvlvkttgvdrevidkwlyviiafalmtgilgtghhfyfiglpgywqwigsifsamepipffmmtvfafnmvqrrrrehpnqaavlwalgtavmgflgaglwgfihtlspvnyythgsqvtaahghlafygayvlvvitlisyamptlrgriansqraqavemwsfwimsigmgvmvlaltgagilqvwlqrlptegamsfmstqdqlrffywvriaggvtfllgqftyfasffvggepvktdtvtsaklaqa
>Hydrogenophaga_sp._PBC  coded_by=1964..4240,organism=Hydrogenophaga sp. PBC,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgiykkywfaligvcmvmfsllgyfgadvyrsappipaqvstaegkalftrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldltamqqqgrpfaqldagqqgalraelqreyrgnrvgadgtlvvserraqameqtaayydqlfsdapalvksresfamkentlpsaerrqqltrfffwtawaagterpdskvtytnnwpheplinnvpskenvvwsiasvvillagigllvwawaflrdhdeplpaapkrdpliaagltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvfiggftahytversfygidlsqwfpysltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflavglflapvinggkdpkfqklgvdalfwalvfvcvgsfvgnylaiaqkmpaewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrvwqilkwagillwlvlmlrgvlpalfarngedknllalltasvgaiglfygaglfygertslsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafvfssmglvsrrmattaslasaslfllggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheafenwrlktrapwmnslkwpllcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftlmvlrylrpalvfseplmktgfwglnlglvlmiftsllpigfiqfmasvdkglwyarseafmqqpllhtlrwvrtfgdlvfiagavsvalqvvlgllpfrrnvnsdapslsts
>Hydrogenophaga_intermedia  coded_by=complement(3299..5575),organism=Hydrogenophaga intermedia,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgiykkywfaligvcmvmfsllgyfgadvyrsappipaqvstaegkalftrddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldltamqqqgrpfaqldagqqgalraelqreyrgnrvgadgtlvvserraqameqtaayydqlfsdapalvksresfamkentlpsaerrqqltrfffwtawaagterpdskvtytnnwpheplinnvpskenvvwsiasvvillagigllvwawaflrdhdeplpaapkrdpliaagltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvfiggftahytversfygidlsqwfpysltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflavglflapvinggkdpkfqklgvdalfwalvfvcvgsfvgnylaiaqkmpaewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrvwqilkwagillwlvlmlrgvlpalfarngedknllalltasvgaiglfygaglfygertslsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafvfssmglvsrrmattaslasaslfllggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheafenwrlktrapwmnslkwpllcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftlmvlrylrpalvfseplmktgfwglnlglvlmiftsllpigfiqfmasvdkglwyarseafmqqpllhtlrwvrtfgdlvfiagavsvalqvvlgllpfrrnvnsdapslsts
>Pseudomonas_sp._YS-1p  coded_by=complement(161290..162687),organism=Pseudomonas sp. YS-1p,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA103  coded_by=58194..59591,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA103,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA99  coded_by=complement(130314..131711),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA99,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_SG17M  coded_by=1808435..1809832,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa SG17M,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=9679..11076,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA09  coded_by=707721..709118,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA09,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WS136  coded_by=282834..284231,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WS136,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MH38  coded_by=32123..33520,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MH38,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MH27  coded_by=516856..518253,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MH27,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_18A  coded_by=9713..11110,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 18A,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA039  coded_by=complement(205935..207332),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA039,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA037  coded_by=285048..286445,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA037,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA042  coded_by=581536..582933,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA042,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA041  coded_by=315160..316557,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA041,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA045  coded_by=complement(332357..333754),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA045,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA046  coded_by=579101..580498,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA046,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA043  coded_by=236938..238335,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA043,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA047  coded_by=complement(202608..204005),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA047,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS42  coded_by=complement(202690..204087),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS42,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA038  coded_by=372629..374026,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA038,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAK  coded_by=complement(136163..137560),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAK,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA040  coded_by=11765..13162,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA040,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA048  coded_by=567654..569051,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA048,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS50  coded_by=545466..546863,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS50,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA08  coded_by=71117..72514,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA08,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA07  coded_by=complement(81708..83105),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA07,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA06  coded_by=9881..11278,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA06,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PGPR2  coded_by=574626..576023,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PGPR2,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DHS01  coded_by=122472..123869,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DHS01,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA05  coded_by=161894..163291,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA05,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA04  coded_by=95023..96420,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA04,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA96  coded_by=575620..577017,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA96,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA03  coded_by=complement(67068..68465),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA03,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_148  coded_by=complement(107777..109174),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 148,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_IGB83  coded_by=11457..12854,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa IGB83,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ID4365  coded_by=complement(48885..50282),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ID4365,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WC55  coded_by=complement(29783..31180),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WC55,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH-10  coded_by=complement(131114..132511),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH-10,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAK  coded_by=59908..61305,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAK,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PADK2_CF510  coded_by=225411..226808,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PADK2_CF510,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_152504  coded_by=complement(585..1982),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 152504,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_138244  coded_by=complement(575..1972),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 138244,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_39016  coded_by=complement(131087..132484),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 39016,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_sp._2_1_26  coded_by=11602..12999,organism=Pseudomonas sp. 2_1_26,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA04  coded_by=complement(6115342..6116739),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA04,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA02  coded_by=complement(44583..45980),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA02,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=578569..579966,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=578571..579968,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_E2  coded_by=79802..81199,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa E2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_14886  coded_by=16832..18229,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 14886,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_700888  coded_by=5475..6872,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 700888,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_YL84  coded_by=complement(250100..251497),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa YL84,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB13  coded_by=547779..549176,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB13,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB15  coded_by=complement(1102698..1104095),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB15,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MTB-1  coded_by=578495..579892,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MTB-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_RP73  coded_by=574389..575786,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa RP73,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WS394  coded_by=61072..62469,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WS394,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(122944..124341),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA1R  coded_by=4495997..4497394,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA1R,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_SCV20265  coded_by=580833..582230,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa SCV20265,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DK2  coded_by=574562..575959,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DK2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C2159M  coded_by=complement(1673960..1675357),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C2159M,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DHS29  coded_by=12781..14178,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DHS29,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_NCGM2.S1  coded_by=complement(6051376..6052773),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa NCGM2.S1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL09  coded_by=complement(197211..198608),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL09,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_19660  coded_by=23575..24972,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 19660,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.2  coded_by=complement(229364..230761),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.2,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL05  coded_by=complement(123378..124775),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL05,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_S35004  coded_by=556184..557581,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa S35004,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB15  coded_by=9729..11126,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB15,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF18  coded_by=complement(131487..132884),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF18,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C52  coded_by=complement(133843..135240),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C52,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA013  coded_by=460582..461979,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA013,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL07  coded_by=complement(197425..198822),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL07,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA019  coded_by=complement(124001..125398),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA019,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA010  coded_by=complement(128140..129537),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA010,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL18  coded_by=569493..570890,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL18,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF77  coded_by=536187..537584,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF77,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA008  coded_by=478801..480198,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA008,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA024  coded_by=567910..569307,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA024,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C40  coded_by=535733..537130,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C40,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL17  coded_by=283435..284832,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL17,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA017  coded_by=complement(126012..127409),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA017,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL11  coded_by=326722..328119,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL11,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL25  coded_by=569677..571074,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL25,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_6077  coded_by=557077..558474,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 6077,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_UDL  coded_by=complement(538972..540369),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa UDL,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA012  coded_by=576471..577868,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA012,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA018  coded_by=complement(818881..820278),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA018,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH10  coded_by=573635..575032,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH10,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C48  coded_by=60088..61485,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C48,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF5  coded_by=11818..13215,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF5,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA022  coded_by=complement(192259..193656),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA022,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_62  coded_by=61002..62399,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 62,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA015  coded_by=complement(197693..199090),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA015,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL04  coded_by=23308..24705,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL04,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA003  coded_by=533844..535241,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA003,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C20  coded_by=626315..627712,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C20,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA021  coded_by=576471..577868,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA021,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL02  coded_by=complement(130823..132220),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL02,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_U2504  coded_by=288892..290289,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa U2504,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF127  coded_by=599759..601156,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF127,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.3  coded_by=11578..12975,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.3,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA006  coded_by=324303..325700,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA006,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL06  coded_by=complement(150621..152018),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL06,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C51  coded_by=576907..578304,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C51,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA001  coded_by=532106..533503,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA001,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_X13273  coded_by=527216..528613,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa X13273,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL13  coded_by=586065..587462,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL13,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL24  coded_by=532757..534154,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL24,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA020  coded_by=527703..529100,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA020,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL14  coded_by=complement(122677..124074),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL14,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.4  coded_by=complement(2340429..2341826),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.4,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL20  coded_by=555357..556754,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL20,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA005  coded_by=306941..308338,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA005,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL10  coded_by=11557..12954,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL10,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA011  coded_by=534525..535922,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA011,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA016  coded_by=complement(197450..198847),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA016,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_JJ692  coded_by=532773..534170,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa JJ692,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA002  coded_by=complement(123165..124562),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA002,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_S54485  coded_by=535784..537181,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa S54485,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF614  coded_by=complement(412332..413729),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF614,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL08  coded_by=613946..615343,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL08,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF27  coded_by=complement(196846..198243),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF27,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_E2  coded_by=complement(128113..129510),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa E2,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL19  coded_by=529735..531132,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL19,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA004  coded_by=316177..317574,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA004,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL15  coded_by=562642..564039,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL15,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA014  coded_by=complement(200396..201793),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA014,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C23  coded_by=626315..627712,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C23,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL21  coded_by=536895..538292,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL21,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA007  coded_by=315407..316804,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA007,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C41  coded_by=complement(223891..225288),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C41,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M9A.1  coded_by=11827..13224,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M9A.1,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_X24509  coded_by=complement(252442..253839),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa X24509,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL22  coded_by=58199..59596,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL22,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL12  coded_by=603057..604454,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL12,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA023  coded_by=complement(128595..129992),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA023,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH3  coded_by=complement(907383..908780),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH3,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA009  coded_by=532841..534238,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA009,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.1  coded_by=complement(135077..136474),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.1,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL03  coded_by=complement(136940..138337),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL03,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4390619..4392016,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL01  coded_by=59869..61266,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL01,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA028  coded_by=590481..591878,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA028,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M18  coded_by=574597..575994,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M18,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(591..1988),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=1696552..1697949,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=2726511..2727908,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DSM_50071  coded_by=572451..573848,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DSM 50071,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128550..129947),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(147198..148595),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=798746..800143,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=25202..26599,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(122886..124283),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA1  coded_by=577212..578609,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(71715..73112),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(136652..138049),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128772..130169),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=3125211..3126608,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=25602..26999,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(124800..126197),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=613259..614656,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=2393621..2395018,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(160443..161840),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1087898..1089295),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(135068..136465),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128261..129658),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128638..130035),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(126848..128245),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(5354873..5356270),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(146900..148297),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(633..2030),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=577212..578609,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(57493..58890),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=23263..24660,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=191132..192529,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(158114..159511),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11430..12827),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=137341..138738,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11569..12966,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11602..12999,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(47740..49137),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11408..12805),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=23167..24564,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=664156..665553,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24224..25621),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11618..13015,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=34376..35773,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11614..13011,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11602..12999,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11626..13023,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11408..12805),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11601..12998,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(47742..49139),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=152224..153621,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(48106..49503),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11628..13025,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11590..12987,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=147110..148507,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(33632..35029),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24207..25604),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11606..13003,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11396..12793),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=583580..584977,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11624..13021,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(34952..36349),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=23290..24687,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11570..12967,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24210..25607),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(47742..49139),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(47740..49137),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11577..12974,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(122845..124242),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11450..12847),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(47742..49139),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1077..2474),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11595..12992,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=12683..14080,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24197..25594),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11410..12807),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11603..13000,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11411..12808),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(47740..49137),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=61017..62414,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11594..12991,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24216..25613),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(47742..49139),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=147119..148516,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24209..25606),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11603..13000,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11601..12998,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=152212..153609,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11777..13174,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11622..13019,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11593..12990,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1225..2622),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=23290..24687,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(41169..42566),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11415..12812),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24213..25610),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(346723..348120),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=12438..13835,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(70750..72147),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24210..25607),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24384..25781),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=23290..24687,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24219..25616),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11622..13019,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11415..12812),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=5166..6563,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11602..12999,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11412..12809),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11404..12801),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24197..25594),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24197..25594),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24208..25605),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(128313..129710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(125311..126708),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MRSN_317  coded_by=complement(128892..130289),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MRSN 317,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=536055..537452,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MRSN_321  coded_by=519290..520687,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MRSN 321,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=571960..573357,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=664750..666147,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA38182  coded_by=610130..611527,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA38182,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11455..12852),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(509..1906),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=60908..62305,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=3733593..3734990,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=247569..248966,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(24296..25693),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH049  coded_by=527306..528703,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH049,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH051  coded_by=570014..571411,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH051,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH050  coded_by=567389..568786,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH050,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH054  coded_by=23320..24717,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH054,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS75  coded_by=305587..306984,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS75,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH057  coded_by=287088..288485,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH057,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH060  coded_by=517617..519014,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH060,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH059  coded_by=573628..575025,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH059,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH053  coded_by=505594..506991,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH053,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH052  coded_by=480999..482396,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH052,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH056  coded_by=286795..288192,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH056,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3574  coded_by=247841..249238,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3574,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3573  coded_by=246719..248116,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3573,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH029  coded_by=323677..325074,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH029,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3575  coded_by=247555..248952,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3575,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3581  coded_by=252581..253978,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3581,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH030  coded_by=282682..284079,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH030,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3580  coded_by=254696..256093,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3580,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3576  coded_by=245409..246806,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3576,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3577  coded_by=246670..248067,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3577,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH035  coded_by=59759..61156,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH035,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH031  coded_by=60893..62290,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH031,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH032  coded_by=246663..248060,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH032,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH036  coded_by=247762..249159,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH036,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C2773C  coded_by=complement(440266..441663),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C2773C,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C0324C  coded_by=complement(14059..15456),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C0324C,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Variovorax_paradoxus_B4  coded_by=complement(441215..443527),organism=Variovorax paradoxus B4,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrnnnrlwrwlafifvlsfgalgylgvqiyltappipsavssadgeviftgeqiqrgqqvwlstggqqlgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavalrnrhaqayrrdfdslspadrgalaatvveqmrrntydaasgviavpadraqairevaahydalfgdgsshatlrgqyamtpgtlpdpadrqaltafffwtswaaatdrpgetglsytsnwpheplvgntmtssaavwsmvsiclllaaiaamlwlhgsqrheaeaqppqadpllgavatpsmkatrkyffaviglmllqiamgivtahyavegdsffglplaellpyvvsrtvhtqvgifwiatawlatglyiapllsgreprlqklgvdvlfwaliaivvgstltgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgriwqvllfvgllfwvfllgralwpalvkpsasrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvrtesanraiiaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgavfsalevvpltliglealqtwrrsqampwlaaykwivmcfvavgfwntigagvlgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyerqlhadrllkpafwslniglammvflsllpagiyqawasvtqglwyarsaeivhsrvmetlvwmrvpgdivfavgavllaayalrllrrpatqaapqapprargqkgramqaghvaeq
>Pseudomonas_sp._BAY1663  coded_by=46350..47774,organism=Pseudomonas sp. BAY1663,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaamtgndllptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsameplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaqaqrveiwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglgcylysfrqrgrvtvaaaaasaa
>Haloferax_sp._ATCC_BAA-646  coded_by=complement(37434..39716),organism=Haloferax sp. ATCC BAA-646,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygesydqldsadqaavanvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidaerwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Haloferax_sp._ATCC_BAA-644  coded_by=complement(179277..181559),organism=Haloferax sp. ATCC BAA-644,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygesydqldsadqaavanvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidaerwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Haloferax_sp._ATCC_BAA-645  coded_by=complement(180196..182478),organism=Haloferax sp. ATCC BAA-645,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvangdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygesydqldsadqaavanvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqsryinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidaerwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Sphingomonas_wittichii_RW1  coded_by=complement(90886..93165),organism=Sphingomonas wittichii RW1,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
msttkrlwiglaavifagfavmlwlgsdlmrtappipervvtasgrtvftrddietgqqvwqsmggqqlgsvwghgaliapdwsadwlhrealaqldavartkgaasfdmlsladkaalqaelrpgfrantydaatgtltisdaraaaiagvarhydslfsadpatrdlrvayamkentlpdparrrelaafffwtawatvtdrpgdmvsftnnwpseplvgnvptsgtfmwslfsilfmlagigllawhyavwhgkeppltppaadplkgivltpsmrasakyfwivialllaqiglgaatahyqvegqhfyginladwlpysltrswhtqlavlwiatawlgtglyiapaisgheppwqragvnflfvslivivvgafagqwlavmqkmgltenfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqiylfiglllwlflvgralwpairrrdemssivgllflstvaiglfygaglmygarshlseveywrwwvvhlwvegffeifavavisflfvklglvrgrtatvnvlfativflsggvlgmfhhlyfvgtsmagvalgasfsalevvplaligleamdtwshsratpwmarykwpimfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflintpialyyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglrdhihwnegwlrasfwcfniglalmalltllpmgvlqlqaaldhgyayarsaafmdrplihflvwmrtpgdvvfaagallltafvalqwlrpipevpastakaneqsv
>Natrinema_sp._J7-2  coded_by=complement(344273..346588),organism=Natrinema sp. J7-2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqisrkqlamflatifvvnlvvmgggawlsyenepeiphtivgpdgetvatsddvqsgkavfqenglmnqgsmlgrgsyydvdytadtlelktdymrdyyaqetyetayedletpeqaaidetvrqelqssthgehveysaaetyaheqvrqdyvetyhegdrergiqeglipteeeaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpgtdvsftndfpyspaagndaggavmtwsviamvllvagagiaiwlyqtvelpepeaggvsiphpkeidltpsqllstrfiligallfvlqtflggllahyyierdgffglseligfdilqwlpwsiartwhvdlgvlwiatmwlgaglflaplltgheprkqalyvkgligallvvavgglagiwlginnvfdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrephyglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpetnfvmtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffiivvialtlvsmnlltkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefipllfilyealgqyramdsagtdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfesgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttrnthwserrlrwsfwlcnlglavmlvlsllpvgflqletaftqgyaasrslefynggliqtlfwlrmpgdtllilgavlfawdvvakllfqrkataeetsghviadrifgdrspadpvsddd
>Halorubrum_lacusprofundi_ATCC_49239  coded_by=complement(1903522..1905813),organism=Halorubrum lacusprofundi ATCC 49239,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meltrktiakvivaafllnlvvmgagawfayqeappipeevvgpdgetiatgetvqdgkaafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetldlktehmreyyaqeeygagydslssseraavdqtvrddldgahdgsdtvqysaaeayaheqvretyveryhegdrdrgvpvgmiesteeaedfadfalwtawfshtdrpdggnsytnewpyspaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagagillyksvklpepsaegiavpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipiaaglfvaqvllggllahfyieragffgieelfgihilqvlpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltgheprnqaryvnvllgalvtvvvggmggiwlgangyfdgqlwwllgnegleylevgkvwqggllvgfvlwailairglkplldrepvyglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpstnmavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsifstlellplifilyeaigqyramtesggfpytlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvaymlqlsidperwdgswlrasfwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqlevaftegyaaarslafyegplvqtlfwarlpgdsllilgtviyfadlirkrfvlrrsaddpsvddmavaegvlnddd
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=complement(688381..689727),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mkyqtqkvallyfygaltlfiaqvtfgvlagtiyvlpntlselvpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgctyylipeetetelyspliakiqfwsffvaagvavvgylfryhegrefleqpyiikiaivvvcllflfnitmtvlkgrkttvvnillfglwgvaifflfsfynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvimglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigsvfstlevapfftmvlftiqmtwkagrkhenraallwavgcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnfythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlammayaipqlrgrapynqmlsivsfwlmcgamsvmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgqgfmevqdqlalfywvrlgsgavvlisalmfvwailvpgrekqaavggllqpae
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MIN_061107_1834  coded_by=21643..23973,organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MIN_061107_1834,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mtaqptsaqqsssqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MOTT-64  coded_by=4203765..4206095,organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MOTT-64,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mtaqptsaqqsssqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MOTT-02  coded_by=4088239..4090569,organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MOTT-02,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mtaqptsaqqsssqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_ATCC_13950  coded_by=4083076..4085406,organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare ATCC 13950,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mtaqptsaqqsssqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_indicus_pranii_MTCC_9506  coded_by=4241493..4243823,organism=Mycobacterium indicus pranii MTCC 9506,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mtaqptsaqqsssqplvgkgwvqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpatktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepeagaavpakd
>Acidovorax_ebreus_TPSY  coded_by=complement(120965..123271),organism=Acidovorax ebreus TPSY,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgkyakywytligvlivtfsllgfygaevyrtappipgqvlvqgsdkplytkdgildgqtawqsvggmqlgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqkdhgkafadldvgqqavlrdrlkteyrtntydkakdtmvisplraeaiamtaqyydklfsndpslqktresyamkentlpsaerraqmagfffwtswaasterpadnggtgatytnnwpheplvgnqptgenlvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwaflrkhdeqdptppqhdplsrvaltpsqralgkylflvvalftaqvllggftahytvegqtfygveisqylpyslvrtwhlqaalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvcvgsfignyfaiaqimpaewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiafwlvlmaraifpallapngqdknllalltssvvciglfygtglfygerthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsyrmataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgasfsalevvplvvlgheawehwslqhkatwmknlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpqmvfnerlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatsllpiglfqfhasvahgtwyarseeflqqpfletlrwvrtfgdlvfitgalcvtwqvvsgvlfaprapaapstgalaganr
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=complement(1119312..1121633),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllhlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721723  coded_by=complement(1152894..1155215),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721723,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllhlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721643  coded_by=complement(416456..418777),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721643,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllhlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=1669839..1672160,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllhlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E444  coded_by=complement(2322570..2324891),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E444,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_USAMRU_Malaysia_20  coded_by=complement(321247..323568),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis USAMRU Malaysia 20,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E254  coded_by=666203..668524,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E254,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Aggregatibacter_aphrophilus  coded_by=10625..12874,organism=Aggregatibacter aphrophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwfllvavligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvtekgepvithdnilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtilksrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaamdktaqyyislygddpatkatrehfamkdntlpslearqdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasivfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpvspevdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgavvahytvegqefygldisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalafflqiftmvffkpkhaan
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=79400..81721,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrnappqparlvapdgsvamtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Hahella_chejuensis_KCTC_2396  coded_by=complement(4544565..4545950),organism=Hahella chejuensis KCTC 2396,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkyqsqavakpyfvfalilfagqilfglilglqyvigdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyflvpeecetelhspklalilfwvfasagvltilgylmvpyatlaeitgnkffptmgrefleqptltkvgivivclgflynvgmtllkgrktvinvvlmtglvglavmflfsfynpsnlaldkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsilafvlirvtgvdreviekwlyviigmalitgiigtghhyywigpepywhwlggvfsaleplpffamtifafnmvnrrrrvhpnkaatlwamgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayamivltiisyampilggrtegnsnrsqvvemwgfwlmtvamvfitlfltgagilqvwlqrlpeaagalpfmvtqekiavfywlregagvvflvglicyfvsffvkgpqaqsa
>Betaproteobacteria_bacterium_SG8_41  coded_by=complement(6565..8031),organism=Betaproteobacteria bacterium SG8_41,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
maapgtvaklgkldlanlnggqklavkyftvalilfgaqilfgllagiqylkpdflfgvmdfsvnrmvhinamvvwllfgfigsvywlledeagipvvglglgnvifwiftlavavvvvvylliqvgpgnhstrwliiegreyieaprwadigivvcvlaffynvaatftkgrytgvggvlvldlialfglylagmfytpnisidqywwwwvihlwveatwevlvgclmayglmqtlgvrrkivetwlyievalmfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywftiggffsalepiplvamvvhsvfdagahkmkntnhpalgwiivhafgnffgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwtashghlaffgayvtiviaffylglqkwrgnvwmsggligawkwkwamvllnvgmigmvmamlisgyeqsqieraiegstwsgyfiaqshpwfvqgnwwrqvfgcvfatgfvllvwdlltigrdekrpaiahgelata
>Bdellovibrio_bacteriovorus  coded_by=complement(1911581..1912906),organism=Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkiaywffatcmllfslqlvygfimgfahmgfdglhniipfnaarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeadrelihpklayvqlgalvavgvvaiigfhmnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvadvllfiyliggtiwkgkrytttsmvlflgllmaallylpgmintdhqtldsywrwwvvhlwvegvwelimgaimsfllikmtgvdreviekwlyiivgftflsgilgtghhyyyigtprywllvgglfgaleplaflgfaiyavamarkggknpdnkmamawtmatailsfvgagflgfahtlpqvnmythgtlvtamhghlafwgayaclvlaliayampkltgrnlqdsrmnvfafwtsnigmiamtlafgvagiaqvylerklgmdfltvqkevevhflglvlaaslfsvgivayvwnfirfgkpsgevk
>Bdellovibrio_bacteriovorus  coded_by=complement(2440436..2441761),organism=Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkiaywffatcmllfslqlvygfimgfahmgfdglhniipfnaarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeadrelihpklayvqlgalvavgvvaiigfhmnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvadvllfiyliggtiwkgkrytttsmvlflgllmaallylpgmintdhqtldsywrwwvvhlwvegvwelimgaimsfllikmtgvdreviekwlyiivgftflsgilgtghhyyyigtprywllvgglfgaleplaflgfaiyavamarkggknpdnkmamawtmatailsfvgagflgfahtlpqvnmythgtlvtamhghlafwgayaclvlaliayampkltgrnlqdsrmnvfafwtsnigmiamtlafgvagiaqvylerklgmdfltvqkevevhflglvlaaslfsvgivayvwnfirfgkpsgevk
>Thermus_sp._NMX2.A1  coded_by=complement(2031..3461),organism=Thermus sp. NMX2.A1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mtqalpqgklyesqklalwyfwvalalfgaqvlfgllaawqyldpnflygklnfmtnrmlhvnamivwlllgfmggvywflpmelgrevvgirlarfafftliaavgivvlvyllvqygpgnaftlwfitegreyieaprwadfgivavmaiflynvvatalkaqritgvvavlmfdlvalaglymagmhytpnismdqyfwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgsimamalmhllgtprrivetwlylevalvfgtgilglghhyfwigtpeywlglggffsalepiplvamvvhavydagmhrmqtvnqpalfwaiaqafgnfigagvwgfmqtlpqinlyshgtqlaashghlaffgayvtailtviymalhqvrrpdlprfdsrlwkwafvlmiigifgmsaamtiagftqtmveraiggstwqayidaqqhpwfqngmvwrfafgvfflvsylvllwdlvtigkgeakaakgvgahd
>Thermus_scotoductus_SA-01  coded_by=complement(1670355..1671785),organism=Thermus scotoductus SA-01,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mtqalpqgklyesqklalwyfwvalalfgaqvlfgllaawqyldpnflygklnfmtnrmlhvnamivwlllgfmggvywflpmelgrevvgirlarfafftliaavgivvlvyllvqygpgnaftlwfitegreyieaprwadfgivavmaiflynvvatalkaqritgvvavlmfdlvalaglymagmhytpnismdqyfwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgsimamalmhllgtprrivetwlylevalvfgtgilglghhyfwigtpeywlglggffsalepiplvamvvhavydagmhrmqtvnqpalfwaiaqafgnfigagvwgfmqtlpqinlyshgtqlaashghlaffgayvtailtviymalhqvrrpdlprfdsrlwkwafvlmiigifgmsaamtiagftqtmveraiggstwqayidaqqhpwfqngmvwrfafgvfflvsylvllwdlvtigkgeakaakgvgahd
>Pseudomonas_extremaustralis_14-3_substr._14-3b  coded_by=58566..59987,organism=Pseudomonas extremaustralis 14-3 substr. 14-3b,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrsanpylkfqsqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaalarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapqvwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvvfaftmvkqrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqltaahghlaffgayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeapdersqtleiwgfwmmvlsmvmitlfltaagavqvwlqrwqvdgvalpfmatvehlqglfwarlvsgvgfllgllcylysfrqrrgrvgvgvpivh
>Kineosphaera_limosa_NBRC_100340  coded_by=complement(43094..45445),organism=Kineosphaera limosa NBRC 100340,definition=hypothetical protein
masspdlrpgaqdsngsagggdrsqmligkgwvqavalvmifgffvmgilayrtytasmpmptkvvaqdgrtvftgaditagqelfqarglmqygsimghggylgpdftadylrrsteyvegqyrtqgvqdprgtvisefranrfdpasgdlvytpsqiaayeqlvahytnffgpqarsnglkadaitdptqirqltaffswtawasaaqrpghdysytnnwpmeprvdnhptadlivwstlslialiggtgllfaiygrwsrkigwhseeaptihfrqpgevgltrsqratawfffvvallfliqtllgalaehyradissffgldfivdllpfnlartwhlqlslfwtaasflaagifltpfiakkepkyqhvlayillgavafvvfgslaaealsihgvswakgplfaqqweyldlprvfqvlltaglfiwiaiiyrgirsrlkgeskgnmpwmfffaalaipafyavgllartdshltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekialgiifldiilyslggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlgarqesrtdapfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpiisyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlgvglaifalryliprdkwpeklvkvsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyqsvgngyyearslgyltnttntllewgrlpgdlififggclpflwvafqglrhfrhgktveefpeqvlyteiepgkkskw
>Idiomarina_loihiensis_L2TR  coded_by=complement(199972..202212),organism=Idiomarina loihiensis L2TR,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
magyrklwwtliavlaitfgllgyfgtevyreappipdkfmstngkviateesvldgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawldiranevfgkpyeqlagsqqnqleyelkeeyrtntydkasdtvilserriqaieqtgeyysklfsddpelrptrvnyamkentlpsearravmndfffwtawaasterfdsditytnnwphetlidnvpsaeniiwsivsvilliagvgfliwawaflrqhdeedpvapehdpiakikltpsqkalgkylfivvalfslqvllggltahytvegqefyginisewfpysltrtwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvlvvagtfignwlaiaqimpehlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgivfwlvlmmrcvvgafkvkgdknllalftasvvaiglfygagffygerthisimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfataslafifhsmglvsrrmatvaalasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgyeawenyslqkratwmqrikwpllcfvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppislyyvqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfvllilryirpnlqfdeklmkmafwtmniglalmlftsllpvgfiqfyaaaseglwyarseafmqqpllqnlrwfrtlgdmvfivgalgiswqvvkglkhksd
>Idiomarina_loihiensis_GSL_199  coded_by=complement(200087..202327),organism=Idiomarina loihiensis GSL 199,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
magyrklwwtliavlaitfgllgyfgtevyreappipdkfmstngkviateesvldgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawldiranevfgkpyeqlagsqqnqleyelkeeyrtntydkasdtvilserriqaieqtgeyysklfsddpelrptrvnyamkentlpsearravmndfffwtawaasterfdsditytnnwphetlidnvpsaeniiwsivsvilliagvgfliwawaflrqhdeedpvapehdpiakikltpsqkalgkylfivvalfslqvllggltahytvegqefyginisewfpysltrtwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvlvvagtfignwlaiaqimpehlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgivfwlvlmmrcvvgafkvkgdknllalftasvvaiglfygagffygerthisimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfataslafifhsmglvsrrmatvaalasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgyeawenyslqkratwmqrikwpllcfvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppislyyvqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfvllilryirpnlqfdeklmkmafwtmniglalmlftsllpvgfiqfyaaaseglwyarseafmqqpllqnlrwfrtlgdmvfivgalgiswqvvkglkhksd
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL099PA1  coded_by=12641..14974,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL099PA1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL096PA2  coded_by=complement(75491..77824),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL096PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_SK182  coded_by=13326..15659,organism=Propionibacterium acnes SK182,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL096PA1  coded_by=complement(2092234..2094567),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL096PA1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_SK137  coded_by=complement(2093308..2095641),organism=Propionibacterium acnes SK137,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL005PA1  coded_by=12645..14978,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL005PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL053PA1  coded_by=12643..14976,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL053PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL083PA1  coded_by=complement(32682..35015),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL083PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL074PA1  coded_by=12643..14976,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL074PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL045PA1  coded_by=12645..14978,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL045PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL007PA1  coded_by=complement(32702..35035),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL007PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL056PA1  coded_by=complement(32701..35034),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL056PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL043PA2  coded_by=12641..14974,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL043PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL038PA1  coded_by=12643..14976,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL038PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL043PA1  coded_by=complement(32699..35032),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL043PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL2009  coded_by=complement(341412..343745),organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL2009,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL1854  coded_by=complement(337688..340021),organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL1854,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeamr
>Kingella_denitrificans_ATCC_33394  coded_by=79555..81813,organism=Kingella denitrificans ATCC 33394,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykklwyalfavltitfsllgylgvevyrqappfperfvsesgqvimtkddilqgqsawqstggmelgsvlghgayqapdwtadflhrelvawldltaqaehqkkfdelnveqkaallarlkqeyreqspmdssgtvklsdtrvkaieqvsqyyidlyggdtsnetlnktresfamrtntlpdaearkhlsqfffwtawtastnrpdsvatytnnwpheplidnvpttenymwsfasivfllmgvgflvwgyhflrsheeapkapltdplgkivltpsqkalwkyaaltvilfivqillgglvahytvegqtffgvelsqllpyslartwhlqsalfwiatgfltgglfiapiinggkdpkfqalgvnllyvalfivvagsyagnftsivlnklsgsanfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqllltvgfllwlflmlrcavpafknggdknllaifvasivgvgafyapglfygehttlavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafifynlglvsyksaataslvagslflvggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpvmaagasfsalevvplillgheayehwshqhaapwmkrlrwplmsftavafwnmlgagvfgflinpplslfylqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvlmvgcyikpnftydekqmtigfwmmnaglagmiassllpigvfqaaasithglwyarseeflqqgflegfrwirtlsdlvfiggaclfalqvikmslskdktsa
>Agrobacterium_tumefaciens_CCNWGS0286  coded_by=complement(332101..333447),organism=Agrobacterium tumefaciens CCNWGS0286,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaiglfvaqilfgvvaatiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstfyllpeetetelyspklaiaqfwiflvaaavavvgymfrihegrefleqpfaikvgivlvvlmflfnitmtalkgrkttvinillfglwglaifflfafynpmnlaldkmywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhenraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyyshgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlammayavpemrkrapynqwlsmtsfwvmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqiqlqrvmgesfmdvqdhlaifywirlgsgfavlisaamfiwailvpgkekqgdvarlvqpae
>Agrobacterium_radiobacter_DSM_30147  coded_by=50023..51369,organism=Agrobacterium radiobacter DSM 30147,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaiglfvaqilfgvvaatiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstfyllpeetetelyspklaiaqfwiflvaaavavvgymfrihegrefleqpfaikvgivlvvlmflfnitmtalkgrkttvinillfglwglaifflfafynpmnlaldkmywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhenraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyyshgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlammayavpemrkrapynqwlsmtsfwvmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqiqlqrvmgesfmdvqdhlaifywirlgsgfavlisaamfiwailvpgkekqgdvarlvqpae
>Propionibacterium_acnes  coded_by=complement(1451..2833),organism=Propionibacterium acnes,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
maawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_CFBP2957  coded_by=complement(38047..40323),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum CFBP2957,definition=nitric oxide reductase (Subunit b) transmembrane protein
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfgtdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtsgaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkheeeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmllqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgmdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgaawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasitrgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1942914..1945235,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26001..28322,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128445..130766,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41481..43802),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26133..28454,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25992..28313,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25863..28184,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(244067..246388),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41490..43811),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41468..43789),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25917..28238,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(240230..242551),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(240576..242897),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26076..28397,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(245268..247589),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25872..28193,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(237908..240229),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26424..28745,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25788..28109,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26529..28850,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(238018..240339),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(242504..244825),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25932..28253,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26076..28397,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(237772..240093),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41459..43780),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26700..29021,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(244240..246561),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(242291..244612),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128320..130641,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26374..28695,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128413..130734,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26166..28487,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=14854..17175,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(236547..238868),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25788..28109,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(241660..243981),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25917..28238,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(235706..238027),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(241135..243456),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(567363..569684),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26130..28451,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41439..43760),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25863..28184,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41453..43774),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(235667..237988),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(245690..248011),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25659..27980,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41504..43825),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25410..27731,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41452..43773),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26397..28718,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128474..130795,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(242088..244409),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(240808..243129),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(242041..244362),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26124..28445,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(41459..43780),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25851..28172,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(574608..576929),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=14895..17216,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26125..28446,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26202..28523,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26055..28376,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(237616..239937),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(241066..243387),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(238412..240733),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(243806..246127),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=26232..28553,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128065..130386,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Haloferax_sulfurifontis_ATCC_BAA-897  coded_by=complement(15388..17670),organism=Haloferax sulfurifontis ATCC BAA-897,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meiqrktiakaivvvfvfnlavmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvvsgdairegktvfqrdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldskvrfmrnyyaqerygetydqldsaeqaavadvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpanmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpggthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvvamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaediavpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgvesvfgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqstyinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidadrwdgswlraafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtiiyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Rheinheimera_nanhaiensis_E407-8  coded_by=65203..67470,organism=Rheinheimera nanhaiensis E407-8,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
magyrklwwlliailaitfgvlgyfgaevyrsappipakvvnqqgqvlmtnetilngqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreliawlelaaqdefgqsynelnatqqntlqfalkqayrsnsydkatdtlllsdrrvqaitqtaehyialfgddialsqtranyamknntlpslkrrqemtqfffwtawaasterypdsatytnnwpheplidnrptaenliwslvsiilliagvggliwgwaflrkhddeepaapkqdpiarltltpsqkalgkyilvvvalftlqvflggftahytvegdgfyglnttewlpyslartwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvlvagsfagnyfaimqimpeqysfwfghqgyeyidigrfwqiikyvgvlfwlvlmlravvpafkapgdknllalfaasvicvglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvsrsvatsaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknkapwmgdikwplmffvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyylqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfcllilryirpqlvfdeklmktafwwmngglvlmlfssllpigfiqfyasateglwyarseafmqsdilhtlrwvrtfgdvifiigalavswqvvkgvfdskaavqplqqln
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._gravis_str._ISS_4060  coded_by=complement(15598..17889),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. gravis str. ISS 4060,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdfipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1989  coded_by=243105..245642,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1989,definition=hypothetical protein
msevqraslaedtedrskpvlafnsawvqgvaltmlfgffvmgflayrtydasmpqpekivsqesgetiltseeithgqelfqarglqqygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrmatehakeqnsangipgfispestedeaiveefrtnrfdeqtgvlewtpnqisafeeaqkhyldyfgtnsdvhglpkefinnedeihdltgffawtawasaaerpahdysytnnwpaeprvnntptadlvvwsvlslialiggiglifaiygrwsrqigwhaeetpnldfkqpgevklsksqkvvawfvlvtmllfliqallgaavqhyrveiegffgiplqeilpynvartwhlqlsllwtaggllaagiflapfiarrepkkqswltwallgaiafvvfgsmafewlssfgivpegsiwsqqwefldlprffqilltigmflwifmifrtlhgrlktehksnmpwlfffsgltipgfyavgmlagssthltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayvfvllgvirekialgiiyldiilysiggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgsffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgskqratgkrpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyfqigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglgvfalryltppkywsdksmqwsfwllnigllwmvfisllplgtlqlyhsvaegyvearslgyitqpdnaliewlrlpgdvifmagipgliwgafkavrhsgeiptmedekefpvtplfskveseenlepvgtgaqgqgspvglvsgghgrvdnrtgaevsdtldkhkansstkwggsyssdkrdddsk
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1995  coded_by=243173..245710,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1995,definition=hypothetical protein
msevqraslaedtedrskpvlafnsawvqgvaltmlfgffvmgflayrtydasmpqpekivsqesgetiltseeithgqelfqarglqqygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrmatehakeqnsangipgfispestedeaiveefrtnrfdeqtgvlewtpnqisafeeaqkhyldyfgtnsdvhglpkefinnedeihdltgffawtawasaaerpahdysytnnwpaeprvnntptadlvvwsvlslialiggiglifaiygrwsrqigwhaeetpnldfkqpgevklsksqkvvawfvlvtmllfliqallgaavqhyrveiegffgiplqeilpynvartwhlqlsllwtaggllaagiflapfiarrepkkqswltwallgaiafvvfgsmafewlssfgivpegsiwsqqwefldlprffqilltigmflwifmifrtlhgrlktehksnmpwlfffsgltipgfyavgmlagssthltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayvfvllgvirekialgiiyldiilysiggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgsffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgskqratgkrpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyfqigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglgvfalryltppkywsdksmqwsfwllnigllwmvfisllplgtlqlyhsvaegyvearslgyitqpdnaliewlrlpgdvifmagipgliwgafkavrhsgeiptmedekefpvtplfskveseenlepvgtgaqgqgspvglvsgghgrvdnrtgaevsdtldkhkansstkwggsyssdkrdddsk
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL001PA1  coded_by=complement(60971..63304),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL001PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtrsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhshgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_12901  coded_by=complement(88150..90396),organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 12901,definition=hypothetical protein
mknrqrklwiaftivmlfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvpievrttngeivltasdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadflhrealylleyyaqekynksyenssleeqaylkahlqanirantydkatgvltiteernkarlhlqeyytklftddpeftqlrkdyaipnnaltdptrlkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdndvsythnwpaeelvgnvattpliawsgvsvillifavgvlvyyhvaskqeeedmvpvedpvsngtvtksmtilkkyfwvvcllmllqvglgivtahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyiapavggkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivlgsmigqwfgimqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlalmirpllpvlkekgshrnliilfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstvvfmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsiyrdikwnekllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftvgifaivlfvfkltlkksnhdk
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_TS44  coded_by=complement(301813..303237),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri TS44,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwmlfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelilgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalisgmigtghhyfwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvnrrrrehpnraaaiwamgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlsfygayamiimtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqtveiwgfwlmtismvlitlfltaagvvgvwlqripadgaamsfmnttdqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglicylysfkqrgrvtvastaataa
>Neisseria_lactamica_ATCC_23970  coded_by=complement(671419..673674),organism=Neisseria lactamica ATCC 23970,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheeveipaedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseefmqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_lactamica_ATCC_23970  coded_by=complement(22591..24846),organism=Neisseria lactamica ATCC 23970,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheeveipaedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseefmqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Ruegeria_sp._CECT_5091  coded_by=51961..53328,organism=Ruegeria sp. CECT 5091,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyesqkiayayfavamalfviqvlggllagliyvspnflsellpfnivrmlhtnalivwlilgffgaayflipeeaereihspklaylqliilvvgtlgvvltytfnlfegnwllgkegrefleqpkwvkagivvaaliflynvsmtvlkgkktaisnilllglwglallflfafynpgnlaldkqywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdreivekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpaywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclnlaifsyampilknrdpynqvlnmgsfwlmtsgmvfmtfvltfggtvqthmqrvigdyfmdvqdqiaifywmrfgsgvvvvlgallfvysiwvprkeviepgaaetpae
>Rhodanobacter_sp._116-2  coded_by=complement(82070..84352),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 116-2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
msttrklwlglaallvasfavllwvgsvvhqqapplpaavvtsdgqtlytkadmeqgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhreatamlellsrdaglgpydsldapqqaalkarvqeelrtntydaasntitvsalrahameavaahymslfgndpathklrvgyamrentvaemehrravtaffwwtswaaatqrpneamsytqnwpyeplvgnvptstsflwsvfsilfmifgigllgwhharqasheplppipsrdpltemkatpsmkatgkyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqqaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiaplisghepkfqrlgvnflwvclllivvgsfagqwfavmdkmglqynfwfghqgweytdlgrfwqiflfiglmlwlflvgralwpamrggregasivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylfvklgllrvgsattnvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtttavialgasfsalevvplaligleahdtwkkqhaapwmaryrwpilffvavsfwnlvgagllgflvntpialyymqglnltashghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpqaqwregwvrgafwclniglslmaaltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgalliavfvaalwlwpkrrtasaplpqgvpera
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25696..27399,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
marrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(237107..238810),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
marrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K96243  coded_by=601026..602729,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
marrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=complement(27214..29481),organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msatmtkpaetlsrwwlisltivvvfgftvlilislsayrnappiptqaidptgtvvftaedisagqqvflkyglmdngtiwghggmlgpdfsaqtlhglalhhaerfartrfqvayadlpeperasvdalvaaefkangydpasgiltlptdsqaafaaqiadwtayftdpalngglardaisdpgelrqltaffswtawaaaaqrpdaahsytnnfpydplvgnrptggavlwsaisvvfllagtaivllafgkfdylgwhggdaspavrsvalgeasltpaqaatlqfmvvagllflaqtligggvahyradpesfygldlstllpsnllrtwhlqlaifwvatayvggalfvaaalsggdpkgqrplimalfwalvavvvgsllgqwlgindllgglwywlghqgweyleigrfwqillaaglvfwvwlllratqparanpelrpfinffliaafaipffylpafffgstthfsvvdvwrfwlihlwvegffeffvtvivavilyqlglvrrltairviyldailyfgggligtahhwyftgqteltmalgatfsalevvpltlltldawdfyrvtrgdspvyrhrltffflmavgfwnftgagifgflinmpivsyfevgtiltinhghaafvgvfgmlavglmayvlrevtsdkawpligkclsigfwglniglalmillslfpggvlqlwdvlqngywharslnytatelarfvewmriwgdlvfilfgvlplvigllaayrdqlrqr
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=4019481..4021748,organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msatmtkpaetlsrwwlisltivvvfgftvlilislsayrnappiptqaidptgtvvftaedisagqqvflkyglmdngtiwghggmlgpdfsaqtlhglalhhaerfartrfqvayadlpeperasvdalvaaefkangydpasgiltlptdsqaafaaqiadwtayftdpalngglardaisdpgelrqltaffswtawaaaaqrpdaahsytnnfpydplvgnrptggavlwsaisvvfllagtaivllafgkfdylgwhggdaspavrsvalgeasltpaqaatlqfmvvagllflaqtligggvahyradpesfygldlstllpsnllrtwhlqlaifwvatayvggalfvaaalsggdpkgqrplimalfwalvavvvgsllgqwlgindllgglwywlghqgweyleigrfwqillaaglvfwvwlllratqparanpelrpfinffliaafaipffylpafffgstthfsvvdvwrfwlihlwvegffeffvtvivavilyqlglvrrltairviyldailyfgggligtahhwyftgqteltmalgatfsalevvpltlltldawdfyrvtrgdspvyrhrltffflmavgfwnftgagifgflinmpivsyfevgtiltinhghaafvgvfgmlavglmayvlrevtsdkawpligkclsigfwglniglalmillslfpggvlqlwdvlqngywharslnytatelarfvewmriwgdlvfilfgvlplvigllaayrdqlrqr
>Basilea_psittacipulmonis_DSM_24701  coded_by=complement(1751186..1753423),organism=Basilea psittacipulmonis DSM 24701,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mksykpfwwflgivmvlmftllgylgkevyndappipnayvsesgnivytkddiyagqsawqsvggmsigtvwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwldiqaqkkygmsydqltaseqnelqfalkteyrkntfnaqtgvvtlsddriaaiektaayydklfgndpeyrqsrehfamkentmpsvqdranlgaffywsawaastdrpgtdvtytnnwphepllgnvptaenilwsiasvvlllfgvglviwiwafctkheedhlvapskdpltlisltpsqkalwkyllvvvalfcvqvllggftahytvegqsfygidvsswlpysltrtwhvqsaifwiataflaaglflvpivnggkdpkfqragvnilfvallavvalsflgqflavnnmmprdlnfwfghqgyefveigrfwqillfvgmvfwlilmlrgvwsalkapgdksllwlltlsvtaiglfygsgffygehtnlsimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattaiafifynlglvglrtatvscilsavlfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvlavgamfsalevvpliilgyegyenwrqqhrapwmsslrwpilcfvavafwnmlgagvfgflintpvslfyvqglnttanhghaalfgvygflslgfvlmilryirpnmqfsnklmswafwtmniglalmlftsllpvgiiqahasmseglwyargeefmqtpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigvfcvmiqvvkglakrs
>Phaeobacter_sp._CECT_5382  coded_by=complement(18734..20077),organism=Phaeobacter sp. CECT 5382,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvayayfmaamglfaiqvlggllaawiyvspntlsellpfniirmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeserelfsvklayiqlailvvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflinitltvlagrktaitnillmglwllcllwvfafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyiivatalfsgilgtghhfywigtpgywqwigsifstfevapffammcfafimvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvamnlaiftyampilrgrdpfnqvlnmtsfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrivgdyymdvqdqlglfymmrlgagavfvigallfiysqlvvrrevvkpgpnavpge
>Haloferax_prahovense_DSM_18310  coded_by=complement(86685..88967),organism=Haloferax prahovense DSM 18310,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvvsgdviregktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygdpydqldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpanmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsviamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaeditvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfvpvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqstyidvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaglavrglkplldkeppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidaerwdgswlhaafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdsliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgdd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_OX99.30304  coded_by=<1..2054,organism=Neisseria meningitidis OX99.30304,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
vgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Propionibacterium_humerusii_P08  coded_by=complement(334959..337298),organism=Propionibacterium humerusii P08,definition=putative membrane protein
mgnggkspkglrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqetfnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatftldarikaresqphqenikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvshyttyfgrnshnlgllahdikdpaqakqltdffawtawgsaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsalslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsrnigwhesetpslnfirpsqvgltksqratawfffviaalflvqtfvgaaaehyradissffgfnlaswlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkepkrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslasealsvygvswakgpvfgeqweyldlprmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrarmktesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvvvgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigttltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipedrwndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyrsvgagyfearqlnyvtehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmafqglihhregrtsdtlpverlfveptaddreyawsseesk
>Flavobacterium_sp._F52  coded_by=101243..103480,organism=Flavobacterium sp. F52,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mkrekklwlvfalvmsisfavlgyygyeiyqqappvpkeivtdsgkvvfseseikdgqniwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwtadwlhreavfildiyakkdfnkkyeeldaekqsalkirlqkdlrtnrynadtgvltisenrlaaiehlseyykglftndpqfdklreeyaipknsitdvermhkmnafffwatwatvtnrpdgdisythnwpsdelvgnkattellawsgvsiillilsvgilvfyhaksgeeegfplpkedplikqgktksmglvikyfwivsllmvlqmvfgiitahygvegnglygipidkilpyavtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapavsgkdpkfqcfginflfialliivlgsmagqwfgvmqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifllvglflwlalmirpllpvlkkkteeknliilflvsctaiamfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktatlnvlfatiifmsggilgtfhhlyfsgtptaimalgatfsalevvpltligfeayqnykiskstqwiadykwpiyfmisvafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhghtalfgvygmlgiglvlfvlrslyrnvswnnkllkitfwslniglflmailsllpigvwqaiesinhgmwyarsselmqqptmiilkwlraigdsifgigfitmawfvfeltlknkkk
>Lactobacillus_versmoldensis_DSM_14857_=_KCTC_3814  coded_by=complement(86..2383),organism=Lactobacillus versmoldensis DSM 14857 = KCTC 3814,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mtsykklnkiliwtlvvaftililggllifkneaprpskivneqgttvvtkqqlisgqavyekygltdygtylgngtyfgpdytaqslhiylqgmnryyaqkdfnqnwnqlnteqksgikgkvqkeirvnrynaskdqlvltkaqvaglnhltkyyreefhnnpkeagmpenmirnntddfmhhgnkidqltyfffwgawlsstnrphqtysytnnwpydldagnvmtsdamlwtaisvalfvagvgiviyyykkysfdmdyteayskmgeiktsepitpsqrkaakyflvvmlmflvqvllgelmshyyveqgffglplqyiwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwiatawlatgiyitprvlghepkhqgllvdilfwaliivvggsmlgewgsvtgfingkwwlfghygweyaemgkfwqllfiagmllwvvilcrgfvpaikkkvnkdrsvlltlllcgsiaiplfylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligyllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgtgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsameviplcllvweaythyrvykdskmnfpykgtfmflvstglwnavgagalgwlinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygffsvaimlyaarhltktefwtksvekwvkwscivmnvglagmvfitlmplgflqlkdalefgywharqasfyqqsitrgltivrsvpdviftagvvillvifframfnlkkssdkldpidydik
>Staphylococcus_aureus_2010-60-6063-39  coded_by=138..1739,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 2010-60-6063-39,definition=hypothetical protein
mpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1852R  coded_by=134..1735,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1852R,definition=hypothetical protein
mpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Acidovorax_sp._Root70  coded_by=complement(42366..43817),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root70,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhistlkyqsqsvsklyfiaamalfagqiifgitlglqyvvgdlffpyipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeeaetelhspllakvlfwiflvagaltivgyltvpyaklaeltgndllqtmgrefleqplptkvgivivalgflynismtvlkgrktaislvllmglwglalmflfsfvnphnlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegvwelilgallayvlvkttgvdrevidkwlyviiafalmtgilgtghhfyfiglpgywhwigsifsalepipffmmtvfafnmvqrrrrehpnqaavlwavgtavlgflgaglwgfihtlsavnyythgsqitaahghlafygayvlvvitlisyamptlrgrianskkaqaaemwsfwimtigmatmvlaltgagilqvwlqrmpltnamgfmatqdqltifywvriaggvifllgqflffasffiggdpvtedaggkgaksgvlparslnpa
>Neisseria_cinerea_ATCC_14685  coded_by=complement(4227..6482),organism=Neisseria cinerea ATCC 14685,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpaedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhlqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiippelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaagaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Rhodocyclaceae_bacterium_PG1-Ca6  coded_by=complement(1990890..1993184),organism=Rhodocyclaceae bacterium PG1-Ca6,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
msesqrngklspwwrrasfltmalgfsvlllltvkayheappipgkvtspdgsvlftgedirdgqqvflkyglmdngsiwghgallgpdfsaeylhtlalhiatsfaqvryglpfdnltpaqraiveaevrtelkqnrydaqtgvlavgpsyeawfrhqssawnayfsspvkngglgagtirdpgdlkqlsafvawtawasvanrpgtthsytnnfpfdsvagntptadavlwsalslvfllggtaavllafgkfdylgwqarpgylhpkllgarvtpgqratlkyfalvallflaqtlvggavahyradpgtfygfdlaawlpsnllrtwhlqlaifwiatayvagalflaaalgggdpagqkkgidtlfwalvivvvgsllgewagmrqmlpqlwfwlgdqgweylelgrawqmllavallfwfgllvralapalrnaerreiaglflcaaiaipvfylpamffdgtthfsvvdawrfwiihlwvegffeffvtvmvaiiflqfgvvtrltatrviyldailyftggfigtghhwywtgqtsfnmalsalfsalevvpltlitldawdfvrlsrpvadighqrvevphqwtfhflmavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyfetgtlltinhghaammgvfgmlgvglvvfairqtvdealwrdlekyirvgfwglnggllmmvvmslfpagilqlidvlengywharslaytgsdlarllewsrlpgdlvfivfgvvpiavaavrayfdgrktiraagvpll
>Sorangium_cellulosum_So_ce56  coded_by=complement(11977968..11980472),organism=Sorangium cellulosum So ce56,definition=nitric oxide reductase
maaasagelarsgqeesaegprflvqiivpgtnaaqrsllgrhlgervspprlapgipmvrssgrrnllisrgwvqatalvfllgffvlgllayrtyaaqppiparvvdpagrvlftgddvltgqelflrnglmeygsvfghgaylgpdftadylrraashaasrhggvdsaealartvgdfrqnrhdpatgtlvftdaqaeafellkdhyrrffaqpsgkhglrsglfsdarelsqltsffawtawtaaaerpgeaysytnnwppeplvrnqptgelvvwsvlsliallggtgllfaafgrwrflgwhgreghrlsfrqpgevaltpaqratawfflvmallftlqsilggatqhyraelssffginlagafpfnlvrtwhlqlaifwvavsylgagifiapmisgreprgqswlaygllgalvivvagsllgellaihgasdsiwfalqgfeyldlgrfwqvlltlglfawvallfralrgrlavehrgnmpwlfffaalaipafyavgllahpranftstdfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttlmvaylfvllgvvaeaialrlvylevilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawsflrlgiaqggqstkpfphrwaimflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhghasmmgvygmlaaglalfalrylmpaarwsdraakisfwslnvglawmvfatlfplglmqlhhavsygyfearelqyltnptnrlmewmrlpgdalfilggtlpllllayrgvrhrvpqlagpeaqdnlfteieappdsagraapsgagqgels
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides  coded_by=831..2171,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides,definition=NorB
mkyqsqkvalayfsvamglfaiqvlggllagwiyvspntlseilpfnvvrmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaerelfsvklaylqlailvigtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltalagrktaitnillaalwllcllwvfafinpdnlgldkmywwyivhlwvegtwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdreviekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwigsifstmevipffammsfafvmvwkgrrnhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyfthgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmllgrapnnqrlnmtsfwlmttgmafmtftltfagtvqvhmqrvigdyymdvqdqlamfymirfgsgamvvlgallfiyslaavrktapaahavgeaa
>Neisseria_mucosa_ATCC_25996  coded_by=complement(12792..15047),organism=Neisseria mucosa ATCC 25996,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypervvsasgtqlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelaawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisntrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqktrehfamknntlpskeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiirpefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnahfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1859  coded_by=70070..72634,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1859,definition=hypothetical protein
mattttgvedrkkpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkeeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrhaldhareendangmpdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhaeeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqhwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqllltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlffyaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkdiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1855  coded_by=complement(91220..93784),organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1855,definition=hypothetical protein
mattttgvedrkkpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkeeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrhaldhareendangmpdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhaeeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqhwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqllltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlffyaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkdiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Corynebacterium_sp._KPL1814  coded_by=92165..94729,organism=Corynebacterium sp. KPL1814,definition=hypothetical protein
mattttgvedrkkpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkeeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrhaldhareendangmpdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhaeeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqhwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqllltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlffyaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkdiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM27  coded_by=complement(7537..9792),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM27,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM90  coded_by=complement(7208..9463),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM90,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM115  coded_by=complement(7566..9821),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM115,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_81858  coded_by=complement(8527..10782),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 81858,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2001001  coded_by=24536..26791,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2001001,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_93004  coded_by=complement(97329..99584),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 93004,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM255  coded_by=complement(77645..79900),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM255,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Chitinophaga_pinensis_DSM_2588  coded_by=7356296..7358542,organism=Chitinophaga pinensis DSM 2588,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mttkklwltlalvmvssfavliffgndiyrkappipdkvvsetgevlfsgqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreslamlevlavkdgkvystlpaeeqlvykermkldlrkntfdpvqntitysdsrakvsrqlaayyaklfmndptlsalrkqyaipegtikdpermrlmaaffawstwvciserpdgthvtytnnwpndetvgntpsaslhlwsgfsvllllgciallvlyhvrnhdnehidlpkqdplrdmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvsililvqmlagiitahygvegqgfygipldkflpqsisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglymgpaisgyepryqqlgvnvlfialiivvggsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglilwlglmmrallpalrkkdesrhlltlfiiasiaiavfyaaglmygrqthlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvsaflfcrlgllrmqsatigvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhiyfsatpvavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnytlskstpwikaykwpiycfiaicfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghtalfgvygilgiglmlfvlrglypdhhwnekligtafwlinigllvmvsismlpigimqgiasiqhgywyarsaefmqtdtmqtlrwfrvpgdimlaigetllvvfiiglktgwsrkgtrn
>Rhodanobacter_sp._115  coded_by=18403..20562,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 115,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mlgrhgqvvmsradivagksgfqradlmdygslygmgssfgndytaeylvqlahqvqdnlaqatygkpfnaidtdqqagitremraqlhgmdltrsdvqltdavadalitlrgqiatslltdnfakgysrarsldkvtaeqtasfllysslttvahrpgknyswtsnwpaeplvgnaptsstfvwtwasftmvffaigavlvifrlwiepkaanetfepvlqgfmkptpsqkalwkyflvvagvlllqilagsimahyytdragfygidvdhwlpfaflrsvhlqapivwigvswigaglflapligkrepagqrglvnlifwvlvvivvgalvgdylgimgmvgkhwfwfgnqglsyleigrfwqilffvglavwclvllraflptlrslfrqsggsilgafriehllwmstvtvvvfyvfgmiplgkpnpsfaitdfwrwwvvhlwvelafelfaaavtgyflmafglvsrqmveravlfewiliviggvlgtghhlywagepglwvgvgsmfsfievlplvllaleaidqqkhikekegfqyklaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtsmfgafgllaigllymalrylngdrpwsdrtgiwafwlynigvvmwivmnffpigwpqleavythgyayarsmkfydtttfwqwmrmpgdivfavgallmawdfvaklwaqrsprdtllvhgskqsa
>Haloterrigena_salina_JCM_13891  coded_by=complement(58010..60337),organism=Haloterrigena salina JCM 13891,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mhvsrkqlatflavifvanlvvmgggawlsyenepeipetivgpdgetvatsddvqsgkmvfqenglmnqgsmlgrgsyydvdytadalesktehmrdyyaqeehdtayedlesseqaaidaqvreelqsseytdgerveysaaeayaheqvrqdyveryhegdrergiqeglipteeeaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpgsdvsftndfpyspaagndaggavmtwsviamvllvagagvaiwlyqavelpepeaagvsiphpreidltpsqllstrfvligavlfvlqtfmggllahyyverddffglhevlgvdileylpwtiartwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreprkqalyikgliaallvvavgglagiwlgvnnvfdgqlwwllgnegleyleigrvwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfaagflytpktnfvitefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffiivvialtlvsmnlltkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefipllfilyealgqyramdtagtdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfesgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttrdahwsdrrlrwsfwlcnaglalmlflsllpvgflqletaftqgyaasrslefynggliqtlfwlrmpgdtlliagaivfawdvavkllfqrkataeeirshviadrvfgddavdpvdpasddd
>Actinobacillus_succinogenes_130Z  coded_by=1764613..1766874,organism=Actinobacillus succinogenes 130Z,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgkykklwatliivlmvtftilgyigvevyrqappvpkayvsqngetvmteadilagqtawqttggmevgsllghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlditaqttfrksydelnftdqaalqsalrdeyrhqsrvneagnvllsetrlqairqtadyyiklygddpsmiptresfamknntlpniearqklsdfffwtawaastsrpnaevtytnnwpheplinnvpttenimwslisivcliagigfliwgysffrdhnekapaapaadpllklnltpsqkalgkyvfltlalfvvqvglggilahytvegqkfygvdisqllpyslirtwhiqsalfwiatgfltaglflapvinggkdpkyqkfgvnflflallivvigsytgnffalshriptelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllfvgfllwlwlmlrctrysfkqdgdknllaifiasiigvglfygpglfygehsgitvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatcalafifynlglvsyhsatiaslmagslflvggipgtahhfyfsgtttpalaagavfsalevvplvllgneayehwsyqhrtpwmqklrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpdfqfnekimktgfwsmniglvlmiavsllpiglyqvsasiskglwyarsegflqqdflqtlrwlrtigdlilifgallfayevarltfnrkqqetesii
>Kyrpidia_tusciae_DSM_2912  coded_by=complement(2112502..2114883),organism=Kyrpidia tusciae DSM 2912,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
msavkvdalrgrsnhgdsglwkhillvvvllsftvllaggfwiykekapiptmlgtdhqplvskqdllhgqqvfqkydlmdygsilgngtffgpdftaetlhlvvvamrdekanemygnsydkltadrqaavsqavkseirvnrydpatdtltltpaqsraldqvrayynqlftlgnpdrglqpgslnqaspedirsladyffwtawlsavnrpgldysytnnwpyepgagnentfhavfwsaasvaflilmlafilwvynhfklqmqsaydssfpdlrpdregitvsqrktgkyfvvvclvflfqvlmgglmahyyvegsgfyglpiadwlpfniaktwhlqsavfwiatawlgmglfiapivggrepkgqgilvdvlfwalvavvagsftgewlgakgllgkfwftfgnqgwnylemgrvwqvllvaglliwlfivwrglrdslrretdkgglvhllfysawtipgfyifaflvnptthitfsdywrwwvihlwvegvfevfavvaigfllvtmglvtrastvralyfqililmgsgvigtghhyywigdpamwlglgacfsalevvpltllaaeaydqyrmlrdggrvfpykapfwflistavwnlvgagvfgflinlpvvsyyehgsfltathghtammgvygmlaialmlfslrrlvpgafwpeklfkwaawglnlglvgmalvtlfpvgveqlrttmeqgfwaarqlafyrqpfvytllwarivpdtvfivvgvlplalgviraflhlkpvvpganpampqgtdgsdevnrgdrspaptatgavsgr
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha275  coded_by=complement(366299..367897),organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha275,definition=nitric oxide reductase
minnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Bacillus_sp._1NLA3E  coded_by=75142..77421,organism=Bacillus sp. 1NLA3E,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mnyrklwislslviiisfailgyfggriyqvmppipdrvvtddgrelftgkdiqdgqnvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwnadwlhresifilnkwgkadfgkkyvdlneeqkaqlrarlkkeirtntydkkthvltiskdredayrylnsyysglfmndpdladirnhyaipkntvknqarmddmttfffwstwstatnrpdsnitytnnwpnedlidnrptgelviwsvvsfvmllagvgaltwyyaaqrhkeqhieevypekdpllalsptpsmkatlkyfwvvaalvvvqvglgavtahyavegsgfygiplqkwlpysvartwhtqlgilwiatawlatglfmapavsghepkfqrglvnilfvalliivvgsmagqwfgvfqkfdnqtnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifltvglfiwlflmgrallpafkksredrhllamfliaataiplfyvpglmwgqhthlamaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflftrmgllrtatasasvlfstsiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtplgviafgavfsalevvplviigfeayenltlsrtkpwvtaykwpiycfvavafwnlvgaglfgffinppialyymqglnttavhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclkgltgqrkwktkllsfafwainiglalmvllslipiglmqtwasveygmwyarsaeflqqdtvqtfhwlrvvgdtifaigvlalgwfilglktgwsvkdespdfertvgr
>Bacillus_sp._1NLA3E  coded_by=complement(2370228..2372507),organism=Bacillus sp. 1NLA3E,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mnyrklwislslviiisfailgyfggriyqvmppipdrvvtddgrelftgkdiqdgqnvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwnadwlhresifilnkwgkadfgkkyvdlneeqkaqlrarlkkeirtntydkkthvltiskdredayrylnsyysglfmndpdladirnhyaipkntvknqarmddmttfffwstwstatnrpdsnitytnnwpnedlidnrptgelviwsvvsfvmllagvgaltwyyaaqrhkeqhieevypekdpllalsptpsmkatlkyfwvvaalvvvqvglgavtahyavegsgfygiplqkwlpysvartwhtqlgilwiatawlatglfmapavsghepkfqrglvnilfvalliivvgsmagqwfgvfqkfdnqtnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifltvglfiwlflmgrallpafkksredrhllamfliaataiplfyvpglmwgqhthlamaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflftrmgllrtatasasvlfstsiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtplgviafgavfsalevvplviigfeayenltlsrtkpwvtaykwpiycfvavafwnlvgaglfgffinppialyymqglnttavhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclkgltgqrkwktkllsfafwainiglalmvllslipiglmqtwasveygmwyarsaeflqqdtvqtfhwlrvvgdtifaigvlalgwfilglktgwsvkdespdfertvgr
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_RCH2  coded_by=898063..899487,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri RCH2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvaaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_sp._BICA1-14  coded_by=23471..24895,organism=Pseudomonas sp. BICA1-14,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvaaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_xanthomarina  coded_by=398654..400078,organism=Pseudomonas xanthomarina,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvaaaaaaa
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL050PA3  coded_by=complement(75505..77838),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL050PA3,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_6609  coded_by=complement(2139018..2141351),organism=Propionibacterium acnes 6609,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._434-HC2  coded_by=12052..14385,organism=Propionibacterium sp. 434-HC2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL005PA4  coded_by=12644..14977,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL005PA4,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL067PA1  coded_by=12646..14979,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL067PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL046PA1  coded_by=12642..14975,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL046PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL050PA1  coded_by=complement(1414..3747),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL050PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL013PA1  coded_by=12642..14975,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL013PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL037PA1  coded_by=complement(75524..77857),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL037PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL059PA1  coded_by=complement(75505..77838),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL059PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL063PA2  coded_by=complement(2782..5115),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL063PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL030PA1  coded_by=complement(70191..72524),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL030PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL030PA2  coded_by=12641..14974,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL030PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL027PA1  coded_by=12642..14975,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL027PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL087PA3  coded_by=12646..14979,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL087PA3,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL002PA1  coded_by=12642..14975,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL002PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL083PA2  coded_by=12639..14972,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL083PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL087PA1  coded_by=12646..14979,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL087PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL2008  coded_by=complement(2139187..2141520),organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL2008,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_TypeIA2_P.acn31  coded_by=complement(2096306..2098639),organism=Propionibacterium acnes TypeIA2 P.acn31,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_TypeIA2_P.acn17  coded_by=complement(2095728..2098061),organism=Propionibacterium acnes TypeIA2 P.acn17,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_SK187  coded_by=12612..14945,organism=Propionibacterium acnes SK187,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_6  coded_by=complement(279260..281581),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6,definition=hypothetical protein
mhedpvtrilkwlllvtaaacfglmawttgrtyqdappvpdrivaqdgatlmsgadvvagkggfqkadlmdygslygmgsyfgpdytarnlvdleaateqnlaellhhsafgalsaeeqaavrvrgqtmlrgvdltqrtvtvapalaqaitsvrdqiavsllhddlasgyskarsldpqtarqtadfliyaslttvarrpgttvswtqnwpyepsvgnvptgatfiwtwasfcfvflgfgavlaiykvylsdpdtspmdpvlsgfarltpsqrrtgkyfllvalvlllqigagsvmahyysdrasfygipvgsflpfnflrsvhlqaplvwiafswigsglflapmisgrearnqalfvdilfwtsvivvvgaltgnylgimglidrgwfwfgnrglsylqlgrfwqiaffaalimwswliaralwpsralwndaawhfwtgrirlehliwaatvniavlyvcgmipltgleksftitdywrwwvvhlwveqsfefyaasmsiyllmglglvsrhlaergvlfqliliflggvlgtghhlywngapglwvpfgtmfsfievlplillilesienwrsiqrheefhyklaylyvvgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehatfltlnhahtalfggfgllgigliyfclryiagetrefnermgvvafwlynaglilwillnffpigwqqllavyehglayarslafydttllwqwmrivgdvvfavgallmafdfliklepvlpnrigsllpnigdrprktdkvasaeap
>Sulfurihydrogenibium_sp._YO3AOP1  coded_by=483840..486059,organism=Sulfurihydrogenibium sp. YO3AOP1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
maeersykkwfvtfliglivavllftgftvyqiknvppipkevrgssgviytyddvvqgkayfqkyvlmdqgsilgnggyigpdytalmldkkirhlqeiyaqkmlskdynslnpaeksyvdafvkkdmrevsilkpdvtqitpeheqaynkskeelvefltkgnpnysliggiikpeeaakiaafvdwtalvaasprpgsnltytnnwppeprigltasfssliwslvavmaiwtltiivlwafydyfmkfngekpepslsitsltpmqekvlkfvplvplffflqvvmggylahlyadpahswiipqsllpfnaarsfhlnlavlwiaigwlagglfiaplvtkgkdfkfpiavdilwialvivglgglgglwlgalgklpdslwfwlgnegreyielgriwdigivvglvlwftivfftirkaekvtpplqmiiwssfaiavlylagmmpltkimpnftvddyfrwwvvhlwventfelfaagtmafltvalglvsvrfatimmffeaflivatgtigtghhyfwmgenemwiawggvlssleplplvilmveaykeyahishkefpfrmafiwlagsaflnwlgagfygmivnlpivnyyehgtyfgmahghvallgafgyvaiaflyfivranalakglhwdeklsnfafwlttagiffyaiptmvigtkqfqwayeigywaartrevleglgfwmwiriipdamilvgsalilvdivyklylsgkaavnyska
>Legionella_pneumophila_subsp._pneumophila_LPE509  coded_by=complement(865796..868138),organism=Legionella pneumophila subsp. pneumophila LPE509,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnvlkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrlnlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgavlyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfysinvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdflfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidktwfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptweglknatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayvlmgtglvsrkaaertvffesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpeiwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiqhrqlikrqgmftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila_subsp._pneumophila_str._Thunder_Bay  coded_by=2585125..2587467,organism=Legionella pneumophila subsp. pneumophila str. Thunder Bay,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnvlkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqnslqrlnlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgavlyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfysinvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdflfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidktwfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptweglknatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayvlmgtglvsrkaaertvffesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpeiwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiqhrqlikrqgmftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskawsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Flammeovirgaceae_bacterium_311  coded_by=complement(5067718..5069982),organism=Flammeovirgaceae bacterium 311,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mifsfavlgyygweiyreappipkqvvttsgqvifteaeildgqsvwqsiggqevgtvwghgsyiapdwsadwlhreavymldawaqqdkgmgyeqlnveeqaalqarlqkelrrntydpatgtvtiselraeaiasnsrhytglfmndpelaelreqyalkdntikdpergrlingfffwaawacvterpgdeitytnnwpaedlvgnrppstlliwtgfsviillagismlayyyashqedemnpdlpkndpllnmvptpsmkatlkyfwvvallflvqvilgattahygvegnalygiplaewlpysltrtyhvqlgilwiatswlamglyiapavsgyeppfqklgvnvlfvalliivigsmigqwygvmqelgleanfwfghqgleyvdlgrfwqiflfaglfiwlflmvraiwpafknqaenkhllsmfvissaaialfygaglmwgrhtnlaiteywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvklgllraklanqsvifatiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavlalgatfsalevvpliligfeayhnlqlskatpwvqtykwpiycfvavafwnlvgagifgflinppialyymqglnttpvhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfalrgmnrqvqwpekplkiafwsiniglalmvlisvlpigliqtwasvkyglwyarsaefmssdiletwrwmrvigdtifavgvvvlawfvlrigapkaqkgpvgkagdpykpqpapeeelva
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_668  coded_by=2654203..2656491,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 668,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase NorZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandlltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgiplvdvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1235520..1237808,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandlltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgiplvdvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=137849..139933,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpkievdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmgslh
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K42  coded_by=complement(2725097..2727415),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K42,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqdnrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_332_str._F0381  coded_by=188..2431,organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 332 str. F0381,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwfwlgatvaasflvlifygveiyrtappfptkivvnngdllyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhreseallkiyaeedgkvyselteeeqakyqvrlrkelrnntfdeatgvitfsperakvakeladyyrrlfmndpalkttrvhyaipdnaikdearmaqmsafftwtswvcstnrpgsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeesehlpaqdpmrglkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegegffgipldlilpqaitrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqrlgvnvlfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskttewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwngkllawafwlinigllvmlvgsllpvgilqaieaiqngywsarseafmqsehmqiirwlripgdlllafgelllvyfiiglqtgwslkekr
>Comamonas_aquatica_DA1877  coded_by=112740..115019,organism=Comamonas aquatica DA1877,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgpykkhwftliglcivmfsllgylgadiyraappipaqvvtaqghklfgqddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawlemaaqerhhkpygdldvgaqaalraelqaeyrgnrmgaddtltvserraqamaqtaayydqlfsdapalrgsresfamkentlpsaerraqmtkfffwtawaaaterpnskvtytnnwpheplignvpssenvvwsiasvvillagvgflvwgwsflrhqddedmaapaqdpltrfaltpsqralgkylllvaglfifqvmlggftahytvegqefygidvsqwfpysltrtwhiqsalfwiatgflalglflapvinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvfvcvgsfvgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyefvdlgrfwqtlkwvgmllwlvlmlrgvlpallarngedknllalltcscgaiglfygaglfygertsltimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattglafvfssmglvsrrmattaslasaslfllggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwrlqrrapwmqqvkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttplhahaalfgvygflalgftlmvlryvrpqlvfseglmktafwclngglvlmiatsllpigilqfhasvseglwwarseafmqqplletlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavamawqvvsgvrgssaashpsatvipak
>Haloferax_denitrificans_ATCC_35960  coded_by=19622..21907,organism=Haloferax denitrificans ATCC 35960,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melqrktiakaivvvfvfnlvvmgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgdvvvsgdairegktvfqkdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadaldlkvqfmrnyyaqerygepydrldsadqaavadvvksdlddsyeggairytaaevyaheqvrqeyveryhegdhergvpvnmidseeearafadfamwtawfshtdrpdgthsytndwpyqpgagndataasmtwsvaamvllvagaglgiwlyksvelpepsaediavpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgvesifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltgyeppkqstyinvllgaivvvvvgglsgiwlgangyidgslwwilgnegleylevgklwqfgilagfliwaalavrglkplldreppyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgiigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramsgesfpyrlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidaerwdgswlhaafwcwnvglvlmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftgsyaaarsvafydqpliqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrqsaddpsvedmavaegilgddd
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=complement(714517..715869),organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=nitric oxide reductase (NOR), large subunit
mkyesqkvalpyfygalalfgvqllvgllagtvyvlpnvlsellpfnilrmihtnalivwllmgffgaayylipeeaerelhspklayiqfglfmfgalaavvgyvfrihegrefleqptwikvaivvvalmflynismtvlkgrrtvitnilvmglwgialfflfsfynptnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelvmasilaflmikmtgvdreivekwlyaivglalfsgllgtghhyywigtpgywqwigslfstlevapfffmvvfavkmvlkggrdhpnkaallwsvgcavtaffgagvwgflhtlswvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvminlaifsyamphlrgvapyhqtlnkasfwlmtggmtvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvmgmdymtvqaeiapfywvrlaagaavfigavlylyallgpvpasrkttgigaavqpae
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=22978..25266,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasvivllgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwivsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapaqpderavgqaaqrt
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK22871  coded_by=complement(735..2228),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK22871,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasygrrgrvlrtgpvlwrkipdcrngilalvggppvggrll
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NCTC_13179  coded_by=738859..741177,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NCTC 13179,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsctdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnaaydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_IPO1609  coded_by=109570..111906,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum IPO1609,definition=nitric oxide reductase (subunit b) protein
mlrrlrrrlifpnrtlarhfmktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfctdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaattdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgvawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Pelomonas_sp._Root1217  coded_by=789560..791827,organism=Pelomonas sp. Root1217,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mksrsnlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgwqiylsappipnrvvsadgellftgeqiqlgqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgayvapdwsadwlhreavalkarrlaeqqqsglpvsdaqraavdqlvreemrrntyeessgevritaaraqairevashyeglfgtdpaldklrdqyamtagalpeaehrkalaafffwsawaavtdrpgetglsytsnwpheplvgntmstsaamwsmvsivlllagiaamlwlhkgdeelavvpkadpllgakattsmkatrkyffvviglmllqigmgaitahyavegqaffgiplaqilpytvtrtihtqigifwiatawlatglyvapllsgaepklqklgvdalfwalivvvlgstitgwlgtlqhrgfdfsfwfgnqgleftsmgrfwqillfvgllfwvfllgralwpalkrpsetrgliamvflsatciggfyassltwgqhthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftnlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlywtgtptsviavgsvfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrakgvawlgayrwvilsfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglfdrslhadrflkpafwslniglammvflsllpagiyqayqsitkglwyarspevihspvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagsvflavyalyllrrpaadrlpagaapargr
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(161946..163820),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkfppeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_17588_=_LMG_11199  coded_by=complement(907769..909139),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 17588 = LMG 11199,definition=cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllnilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstklayiqlvlwtlmgvtavigylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirksgrftttegvlllglvssavlffpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevlekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpyywlpiggffsaleplaivgmamyaysamrrsglahpnslalhwtlgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsinkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpsltnkrpeqgttigywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlistasifatgvglfiydffsyrprfetldnelmepavpadrvv
>Pseudomonas_balearica_DSM_6083  coded_by=1887128..1888489,organism=Pseudomonas balearica DSM 6083,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesrtelhstrlayiqlglwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynvgmtirkarrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpsywlpigglfsaleplalvgmaayaygairrsglahpntlalhwtigsavfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamisyalpsltggrreqgstlgywafwlqisgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrhaprlvvdepapapapvrsa
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_PSI07  coded_by=complement(3324075..3326351),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum PSI07,definition=nitric oxide reductase (Subunit b) transmembrane protein
mntnrrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipheivtsggallftgeqiqrgqqawlsaggqqmgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairaralygkasalsvseqaaidalvredmrrntfdeargtitvsperaqaihdvashfealfgsdpslatlrsqyamvtgalpdaedrkaltafffwtawaaatdrpgetglsytsnwpheplvgntmssaaavwsmvsivlllagiaamlwlhggsrheeeveplkhdpfltvlatpsmkatrkyffavvglillqigmgaitahyavegesffgfplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqigifwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkyqrlgvdllfwaliaivvgstatgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthyamieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsvisvgavfsalevvplsliglealrtyrrsqgapwlgayrwpvmcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwgmnlglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtqgmwyarspevvhskvmemlvwlrvpgdivfaggalllawyalrllrrptapqpeamgvapdair
>Corynebacterium_pseudodiphtheriticum_090104  coded_by=complement(105021..107558),organism=Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum 090104,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msevqraslaedtedrskpvlafnsawvqgvaltmlfgffvmgflayrtydasmpqpekivsqesgetiltseeithgqelfqarglqqygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrmatehakeqnsangipgfispestedeaiveefrtnrfdeqtgvlewtpnqisafeeaqkhyldyfgtnsdvhglpkefinnedeihdltgffawtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaeprvnntptadlvvwsvlslialiggiglifaiygrwsrqigwhaeetpnldfkqpgevklsksqkvvawfvlvtmllfliqallgaavqhyrveiegffgiplqeilpynvartwhlqlsllwtaggllaagiflapfiarrepkkqswltwallgaiafvvfgsmafewlssfgivpegsiwsqqwefldlprffqilltigmflwifmifrtlhgrlktehksnmpwlfffsgltipgfyavgmlagssthltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayvfvllgvirekialgiiyldiilysiggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgsffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgskqratgkrpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyfqigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglgvfalryltppkywsdksmqwsfwllnfgllwmvfisllplgtlqlyhsvaegyvearslgyitqpdnaliewlrlpgdvifmagipgliwgafkavrhsgeiptmedeqefpvtplfskveseenlepvgtgaqgqgspvglvsgghgrvdnrtgtevsdtldkhksnsstkwggsyssdkrdgdsk
>Rothia_mucilaginosa_ATCC_25296  coded_by=83110..85527,organism=Rothia mucilaginosa ATCC 25296,definition=hypothetical protein
matkpvsraqaakiarrsdtvgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimavlamrtyalsmplpdkivgndgktiatqeqilhgqelfqgrglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlttdaavkeyreqgkqdprelvknewrkenkydeqtktitwsagetkgyqlmlkhyretlmkgdtsqglfpnaikndeelhdivaffgwtawasaadrpdqpysytnnwpsepnvdnkptadlmvwsalslialiggtglmfaiygrwsraigwhaeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaacllfatilvlfllqalvgaltehyreeltgffgidmgqllpytvsrtwhlqlslfwtagaflaggifiaplitrrepkkqglltyvligavvfvvlgsllnewfsqkglipkeftgffsqqwefldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlsarlkgskktslpwlflfsglaipmfyavgllagqrthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysaggvigtlhhtyfvgtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahasmmgvygmlaiafavfglrylipedkwpekglkfsfwtlnigllwmsfisllplgiaqlyksvgegyyearsfafihdgasavmgwmrmpgdviflvgiipliklallgikeifsknaketvlelpepplyevvedariaefagakaaeelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Massilia_sp._NR_4-1  coded_by=complement(576818..579088),organism=Massilia sp. NR 4-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatrklwtwlavicalsfavlvwvgkeiylaappipkqvislkgdvlfsegqvqrgqeawlaaggqqlgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreavalrdiwarkqhgapyeqlsveqkagldarlktemrqngydaatgaislseeraqavqevarhymglfgndedlnllriqyamnansltdpddlkalpafifwsswsaaanrpdgsgisytsnwpheplvdnrptagtgiwsiasvilmiaaiagmifvhakageeadpeapkadpffnlkatpsmlatkkyffvvialilaqvgmgvvtahyavegqsffgfplaeilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkfqklgvnllfyallfivagstitgwlgtlghkgnefafwignqgleftsmgrvwqillfvgllfwatllgralwpaltkpsegrglivmvflaavciggfyatsltwgrhthyaiieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraatansaivletivfltggilgtlhhlyftgtptyvialggmfsalevvplsmlgieawnnyrrsksapwvqsyrwailcfiavgfwnlvgagllgfaintpialyyvqglnltaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgltdrlawsdrllaptfwllniglammvfmsilpagiyqaaasitegmwfarspevihsvvmetlvwlrvpgdivftcgtgfltlfalrllgkrkeaasgaavgskv
>Natronococcus_amylolyticus_DSM_10524  coded_by=complement(155900..159112),organism=Natronococcus amylolyticus DSM 10524,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
madrledgteavatasaqarravsertaaavdraaderrdrsdsdepfrdralervadeacsrvvgrsteelreqvetdrdatldraleaflrryrldatrlddetlaairdrvapeadlepeellerladadgspsesnagtgpadpaaavadasedaygtfcaaldvegdrsldriledvlnrdavevaraleqgleafpaelegsgigsghtaecargtgagpaapsepslasgangvdsdtptgtasvataaalaatmllsddlgegqalsqllpmlastgasgdgfgdgllgwrllelfsgslattdaggidlaslrsrsagskalialfianlvamsigawvsrekappipeeirdpdgeaivtadqirlgkkafqanglmnhgsilgngsyfgvdltadalelkaeyvreyyahergvdsveelepderagvieqaerefdtdapegpfasyseaaayahrrireeyveryyegdpdrgvpaefvnsadeaeriadfacwtawmahtdrpnsdhsytndwpyvpgtgnrptgqvlvwstislvlliagggagawayhafdfaepatevvdipspdsvsitptqyaaawyvpvagalfvaqtlvgallahyyvertgfygigdalgidivsllpfsvgrtwhinlailwitalwlagglflpglftdsdpplqaaatagllgvlvattigafagvwfssqgafaspdeselwwwlgsegleylevgrlwkvlllvgfvswtglvlrsvrrmdepptglghfmtyaggsialmfaasmlytpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffvtavvsvalvsmelldkgdaekailfevfaimgagivgvshhywwvglpdiwvpigttfstlefvpllfilyqsfgeysalkaqgesfpytlpllfiigssvwnfvgggvlgffinlpvinyyehgtyltvahghaatfgafgllalglgtyvmrvvtpeaawepawfrgafwltnvglavmtiasllplgflqlqtsyqdgyaaarslefyeqdhiqtllwartlgdtpmilgalaftvgavrhllaarrehrttg
>Prevotella_sp._oral_taxon_472_str._F0295  coded_by=complement(54034..56292),organism=Prevotella sp. oral taxon 472 str. F0295,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtpkklwltlaaviigsfavlcfygveifremppfpnkvvtesgetlfegqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsvwghgayvapdwtadylhreselmlselaqkdgkvyvqlaeadkakykvllqeelrkntfdaqtgvitfsdmrakvakqlrnyyaklflndpsmaklrnayamreksveavdglsaeqrfdkmdaffawsswvcvtnrpnsdvsytnnwphdpvignvaptslhlwsgfsvllllfcvgilvyyyaqhkeehvskapetdpmrelkptasmravlkyiwvvgalmlvqmisgvitahygvegdaffglpiqeifpyavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgvepkyqalgvnvlfgalvfvvagslagqwfgvmqklglvenfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqillltglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdesrhllilfviaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvasflfcrlgllkiksatisvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsamelvplvligmeayhnyqlsrsttwiksykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfsinppialyylqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfvlrglypdyewnnkligtafwciniglllmtvvsilpigilqahesitnaywsarsaefmqqdfmqtlrwlripgdtfvalgevllvlfiiglqfgwsrkgkr
>Pseudomonas_synxantha  coded_by=complement(13008..14435),organism=Pseudomonas synxantha,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhsprlaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivlvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafstvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtleiwgfwmmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqpdgialpfmatvehlqvmfwarlgagvgffagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_HK262  coded_by=complement(57125..59368),organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae HK262,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfadlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthasytnnwpheplinnmptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepatpefdpltklqltpsqrslgkylftvlalfvlqvtlgavvahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlywalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamkqkapwmerlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrfggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkkaa
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_ATCC_33392  coded_by=complement(193891..196134),organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae ATCC 33392,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfadlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthasytnnwpheplinnmptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepatpefdpltklqltpsqrslgkylftvlalfvlqvtlgavvahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlywalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamkqkapwmerlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrfggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkkaa
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_ATCC_33392  coded_by=16222..18465,organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae ATCC 33392,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfadlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthasytnnwpheplinnmptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepatpefdpltklqltpsqrslgkylftvlalfvlqvtlgavvahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlywalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamkqkapwmerlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrfggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkkaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MPAO1/P2  coded_by=complement(138094..139494),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MPAO1/P2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MPAO1/P1  coded_by=complement(138031..139431),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MPAO1/P1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M10  coded_by=complement(34497..35897),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M10,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_str._Stone_130  coded_by=complement(147387..148787),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa str. Stone 130,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1  coded_by=530..1930,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO579  coded_by=582455..583855,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO579,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CIG1  coded_by=14473..15873,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CIG1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-VE13  coded_by=582455..583855,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-VE13,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-VE2  coded_by=582455..583855,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-VE2,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1  coded_by=582455..583855,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_c7447m  coded_by=582432..583832,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa c7447m,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL23  coded_by=318027..319427,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL23,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO581  coded_by=582331..583731,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO581,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=582459..583859,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(578..1978),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1H2O  coded_by=582455..583855,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1H2O,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-GFP  coded_by=81343..82743,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-GFP,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Lactobacillus_tucceti_DSM_20183  coded_by=complement(110144..112441),organism=Lactobacillus tucceti DSM 20183,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mtsykklnkillfvlvgafsiliaggllifkneaprpskivntsgetfvtkaelvsgqavfekygltdygtylgngtyfgpdytaealhiylkgmdkyyadkeygkdfkdlsteqksgikgvvkkeirtnrynekkdqlvlttaqvaglnyltsyyrdvfknnpdeaglpenmiknmtndfmksgdkvdqmtyfffwgawlsstnrpdrtysytnnwpydldagnvmtseamlwtamsvallvagvgtviyfykryhldmqytsdykdikkirtdepitssqrkaakyflivmlmffvqvllgellahyyvensffgiplqniwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwvatawlatgiyitpriigrepkrqgllvdilfdallvvvagsmlgewgstlgiindkwwlfghygweyaemgkfwqvlfiigmvlwviillrgflpaikikknldrsrllqlllcgsiaipafylaslfilpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligyllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgtgvvgmghhyfwqgdhsiwlalgscfsaleviplcllvweaythyrvykdsatdfpykgtfmflvstglwnaigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygffsvaimlfairhltktefwtekvekwikwacitmnvglagmvfitlmpmgffqlkdalehgywharlasfyqdpvimgltiarsvpdliftfgvvvllvvfframfhlkpaskkidpidydik
>Sorangium_cellulosum_So_ce56  coded_by=4595196..4597514,organism=Sorangium cellulosum So ce56,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhnlrrlwlalaavitagflilgfmgrevyrkappipervetpsgrvlltkddildgqlvyqsiggqqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhreaeaqlalwserehgaafaelpdeaqaalkarlqrtmrhngydaatgaltvsedralaieqtaahyralfgdepsltglresyalhtgavpdagrrdkltafffwtswataaerpgtgasytnnwpheplvgnvptaanviwsivsivlllagigalvwyhafrrseepavaapardplsgwvltpsmravgkyclvvvallvlqvalgaltahytveghevfglpvadylpyavtrtwhvqlgvfwiataflaaglflapavggrepkgqrlgvnvlfgalvlvvfgslagewlsvkqrfalehsfwfghqgyeyvdlgrafqialfgglalwlflmlralwpalsrrdmsrhivllftgatvaigmfygvglfygakthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegfmevfataaiaflftrfglvrpdsaaraallstciflisgipgtfhhlyfsgtpvsvmavgasfsalevvplvlvgmeahetwqmqhrsgwmqayrwpiqffvavafwnfvgagvfgflinppialyymqglnttpvhahaalfgvygllslglvlvmlrrlrpdavwnearlrvafwgmngglglmillsllpiglaqawasverglwyarsaeflqqpvlealrwmrlvgdslfivgvlafvgfvaglftrrpagaasvkpapegeaagmatpaasgapaa
>Legionella_pneumophila  coded_by=19053..21395,organism=Legionella pneumophila,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyrlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqdslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqteisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskvwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila  coded_by=19053..21395,organism=Legionella pneumophila,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtvktyrlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayselteseqfvinkemqdslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqteisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliysslttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaageskvwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Rhodanobacter_sp._115  coded_by=complement(13238..15568),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 115,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqqinalendsavvaelplspwwvrcvlivlvlglsallaitflayrnappvpqhivdssgatvftgddiragqgvflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaealhqigqdsanalavkqyngpltalspgqragvqaqvaellktnrydaatgtltltpaeseayrqqvgywtdyfkhpdtngglkpnlitdpvelrhftafvtwaawasvadrpgksysytnnfpydpsvgnvpigpallwsalsliillggiavvllafgkfdylgwvspgrhvhpkllpgkagpgqralvkfflvvsllflmqtlvggatahfradpgtfyglrledlfpsnllrtwhlqtaifwiatayvaaalflgrslrsdepkgfalwvhllfaafvvvigasllgewvgmsqllgkwwfwlgdqgweyleigrlwqillviglfawfallfwvarpgrndnpqmrpltrmflwaalaipvfyvpalfygahtnftvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltffqlgltprntalrviyldailyflggllgtghhwyftgqtdlnmavsamfsalevvpltlltldawdfirttrgecdrcgkpvsvphkwtfwflmsvgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyevgtiltpnhghaammgvfgmlaialmvlvlrqtssderwagiekyvkvsfwgtnvgllmmvvfnlfpagvlqvwdviehgywharsiayvastrshilewmrlpgdlvfiifgaiplviastktwlgmrqdarhqepahdlv
>Flavobacterium_saliperosum_S13  coded_by=81144..82553,organism=Flavobacterium saliperosum S13,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqkvaywffglcmlllslqiiygfimgfarigfdglhdfipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvklayvqlislalvgvaavvgyhfnhwegrkfleipreldflvvvnvllflglilatlykgkqrtttamvltmglvfaallyipgmiwfdsqvmdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgllgtghhyyfigvnkiwlvvggifsaleplaflamalfavnmyrkgekshpnkialywtigasivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghlafwgayamivlaiisyalpnltgrkrydsaqgrmafwlsnigmigmtvafgvagvaqvylerkmkmdfmdvqneisihfvvliicatmftvgislfiydfikygkpsdealeekhnnvpsgkkintipngktvyseetn
>Beggiatoa_sp._PS  coded_by=57..1661,organism=Beggiatoa sp. PS,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgntptvnlfiwtvlsiflllagigalvwyyakqydvwrehiepetgvstdnlllsatitpsmkatakyfwtvvvlmavqillgmitahyavegqefygfalseylpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlatglyvgplisnhepkfqrlgvnflyvclliivvgsfagewlginqffshltmnfwfghqgyeyidlgrfwqiflfiglllwlvlvlralmpalkdktqnrsllflllissiaigllygaglmwgehthisiieywrwwvvhlwvegifevfsttiiailfvkmgllrlttaivsvlfativflnagvlgtfhhlywsgtpiavlalggvfsalevvplvvigfeaynhikmekqalwtktyywpfmffsavlfwnlvgagllgflinpplslyymqglnttathghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmtneklwnsrwlklsfwsfniglammvflslfpqglwqvynsyqhgywyarsaefmhtplmegfvwarvpgdivfgigvfallafivslyrhysstns
>Natronococcus_jeotgali_DSM_18795  coded_by=13627..16914,organism=Natronococcus jeotgali DSM 18795,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
meltnvlpddargtdrlgsvaerlegtteavaaasarirraageraadavdrgadelrdrsdsdgalrdrvleraadeacrravgrsaaelreraeterdasldraleaflrryrldatrldeatlaairdrvapeadldpeellerladadgstsnrdsragstdaavpvadasedayaqfraaldleaespdrvleavldrdavevaraleqgleefptdrvlggrrpgteptaghsrdanvgpaapteptvaagadagadpdssatagsasvataaalaattllsdgvgdgralarllpvlasgggessgglgdgilgwrllellssslttadgggvdlaslrskstgskalvalfvanlvamsigawlsrekappipeeirdpdgetvvtaeqirlgkkafqsnglmshgsilgngsyfgvdltadalelkaeyireyyarergadsvedleaderavvaerverefdndapagpiarysaaeayahrrlreeyidryhggdpdrgvpeefvnsaaqaariadfacwtawmahtdrpgsdhsytndwpyvpgtgnqptgqvlvwstisvvlliagggagvwayhafdfaepatevvdipspdsvsitptqyaaawyvpvagalfvaqtlvgallahyyvertgfygigdalgidivsllpfsvgrtwhinlailwitalwlagglflpglftdsdpplqaaaatgllgvlvattvgafagvwlssqgafdspdegelwwwlgsegleylevgrlwkvlllvgfvgwtglvlrsvrrleepptglghfmtyaggsialmfaasmlytpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffvtavvsvalvsmellekgdaekailfevfaimaagivgvshhywwvglpdvwvpigttfstlefvpllfvlyrsfgeyrtlkaqgesfpytlpllfivgssvwnfvgggvlgffinlpvinyyehgtyltvahghaatfgafgllalglgtyvlrvvtpeaawepgwfrgafwltnvglavmtfvsllplgflqlqtafqdgyaaarslefyerdrvqtllwartlgdtpmilgalaftagavrhllaarrhrraapr
>Roseobacter_sp._SK209-2-6  coded_by=262143..263486,organism=Roseobacter sp. SK209-2-6,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit, cytochrome b
mkyqsqkvayayfivamalfaiqvlggllagwiyvspnflsellpfnivrmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeserelfstklayiqlailvvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflinitltvlagrktaitnillmglwllcllwvfafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyiivatalfsgilgtghhfywigtpgywqwigsifstfevapffammcfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvamnlaifsyampilrgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrivgdyymdvqeqlglfylmrlgsgavfvigallfiysqvvarrevvspgsaavpge
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_WS8N  coded_by=complement(1455544..1456884),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides WS8N,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvalayfsvamalfaiqvfggllagwiyvspntlsevlpfnvvrmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeterelfstklaylqlgilvvgtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrrtaitnillmglwllsllwifafinpdnlgldkmywwfivhlwvegtwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpaywqwigsifstmevvpffammsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmlrgrapynqwlnmtafwlmtggmsfmtfvltfagtiqvhlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlglfyamrfgagamvvagallfiyslavvrrgapvgngvgeaa
>Nitrosospira_multiformis_ATCC_25196  coded_by=complement(1443776..1445167),organism=Nitrosospira multiformis ATCC 25196,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mryrsqsiaywyfavamclfglqlvfglltaskylgpdplldflpfdktkaihtnllivwvltgfmgatyyvvpeesrseiysvklayiqliawtlmgvtaivgyvfgwtagnkmleqpfplkivivivmlmflynilmtikragrwtvtegvlvaglafaailylpalieyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggllayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfmagilgtahhyywvgvphywlpiggffsalepvallgmamyayfamrraglshpnslavhwtigstvftvfgagllgfahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghgafygayamtvlamvsytlphltsdrkvegssigywafwmqvmgmfgmtlsfgtagigqvylerilglgyldtqlklqvhflmliatasvfatgaalfiwnffrtaprsvaaidsstsapdlapaahtnsavsg
>Bacteriovorax_sp._BAL6_X  coded_by=complement(863878..866151),organism=Bacteriovorax sp. BAL6_X,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mkkywwtlvfvlvgtftilgffgsevykkapplyesinsssqgaiytkddildgqevwqsiggqqigsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvhyqmiysqnklgknfndlskqekmlvkasmledyreskvindkvfisdiryqaylktkqyylslfsngpelrdtrkayaiheevlpsaerrekmmaffhwstwaasanrpgenhtytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiisvillltsigflvwyyafkkeeddvnpdlpssdplknfkltpsmkslwkywavvivlfilqiglggilahytvegqdfygyplskflpytlvrtwhiqialfwiatsflaaglfiapiinngkdpkfqrfgvnflfgallvvvfgsltgealaihqlldfdlsfwfghqgyeyvdlgrvwqilllvglgvwlilmlrciapalkiandnkqllllfsastiaiglfyggglfygarthisimefwrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvalafifvtlglikprsatkasllstsifliggipgtfhhlyfsgtpisisaigacfsalevvplvligfeafhtfkvqkltnwtknykwpitffvgvafwnlvgagifgflinppialyylqglnttavhahgatfgvygllslglilfivqttfqdrkwndkimrygfwgmniglglmillsllpigliqfdaslkvglwyargsevmqsnliqdlrwlrvigdvvfaigaisyalaildktglyklksseatfdselvien
>Brachybacterium_muris_UCD-AY4  coded_by=85911..88352,organism=Brachybacterium muris UCD-AY4,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mieksdqkrtgseiaiskgwvqgvalvlvfgffvmgvlayrtythsmplpqqvvsedgeviytqeqitsgqniflsrgiqqygsivghgaylgpdytaeylrlstehiheqleaqgvqepaaatsemqrtnrydeetgtlvltdeqisafeelkgyygdffgdpttanglipnaitdeqeihdltafyawtawasaaerpgldysytnnwpaeprvdnhptadilvwsaislvallgglgilfaifgrwsnklgwkgndttalkflqpgevgitkaqkstawfflvvsllfliqatvgasvehyrvelqgffgfdlaqifpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaasflaaaiflapiiagrepkgqhllsygllgavalvvvgmfggtaisiygpewakdspffsqqweyldlprvfqvllviglflwfiiifrairsrlrteskfnmpwlfayaalaipafyavgllatnethltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaylfvmlgvvrrkiaiqiilldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgavfsalevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqesrssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyqigtsltanhahgsmmgvygmmavglalfalryiikpqkwpeklakisfwslniglawmmfatllplgvlqlwasvnqgyfeartlgyltqpgnlalewmrmpgdvvfliggilpfvyiawlgvrhgiratvtrmepetlfveehpearedrtgdavavgatagartdgrssevppgrtryasdrrrdgdegpts
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25254..27572,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Bacillus_sp._CPSM8  coded_by=complement(92658..95012),organism=Bacillus sp. CPSM8,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksvlvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaearygkrfkqlsdekqstirnqviremrknrynrasdtlkltdaqvyglqqvrdhyrnvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpkrdrawvdsedqitqisdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirdmlpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmagewlgakgllgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdtvqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvifsiralfhlrkpthqegealpvkdiasde
>Bacillus_licheniformis_9945A  coded_by=2081290..2083644,organism=Bacillus licheniformis 9945A,definition=nitric oxide reductase beta subunit NorB
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksvlvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaearygkrfkqlsdekqstirnqviremrknrynrasdtlkltdaqvyglqqvrdhyrnvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpkrdrawvdsedqitqisdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirdmlpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmagewlgakgllgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdtvqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvifsiralfhlrkpthqegealpvkdiasde
>Bacillus_paralicheniformis  coded_by=complement(80642..82996),organism=Bacillus paralicheniformis,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksvlvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaearygkrfkqlsdekqstirnqviremrknrynrasdtlkltdaqvyglqqvrdhyrnvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpkrdrawvdsedqitqisdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirdmlpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmagewlgakgllgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdtvqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvifsiralfhlrkpthqegealpvkdiasde
>Bacillus_licheniformis  coded_by=120431..122785,organism=Bacillus licheniformis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksvlvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaearygkrfkqlsdekqstirnqviremrknrynrasdtlkltdaqvyglqqvrdhyrnvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpkrdrawvdsedqitqisdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirdmlpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmagewlgakgllgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdtvqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvifsiralfhlrkpthqegealpvkdiasde
>Bacillus_licheniformis  coded_by=2104433..2106787,organism=Bacillus licheniformis,definition=hypothetical protein
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksvlvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaearygkrfkqlsdekqstirnqviremrknrynrasdtlkltdaqvyglqqvrdhyrnvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpkrdrawvdsedqitqisdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirdmlpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmagewlgakgllgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdtvqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvifsiralfhlrkpthqegealpvkdiasde
>Burkholderia_mallei_PRL-20  coded_by=complement(13411..15735),organism=Burkholderia mallei PRL-20,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(9882..12206),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1593317..1595641,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttlarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Rothia_aeria_F0184  coded_by=complement(33477..35888),organism=Rothia aeria F0184,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
makkpvtreeiakvtrrtdavgayagkgwvqavafvmllgftimailamrtyalsmplpdkiigndgkviataeqiqhgqelyqsrglqqygsvlghgayigpdftaeylrlttdaavkqyreegkqeprelvknewrkenkydessktlnwtagqtkgfdqmvnhyrdtltkdntsqglfpnaikseeelhdlvaffgwtawasaaerpnqdytytnnwpaeanvdnkptadlmvwsalslialvggtglmfaiygrwsrtigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevrltpsqkaaglffitilvlfllqalvgaltehyrveltgffgidmgqlipytvsrtwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifiaplitrkepkkqglltvilfvavvfvvlgsllnewlsqkgwvpensifsqqweyldlprffqilltagmfiwivivwrtlssrlktgkktsmpwlflfsglaipmfyavgmlagqrthfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvreriaisiimmdavlysaggvvgtmhhtyfagtpseqmafgaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarqysnrtkpfphrwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfalrylipenkwpekgvkfsfwalnigliwmvfisllplgvaqlyhsvgqgyyearslayiqsdanlimdwlrlpgdviflagilpliklawlgitsyfapknketvlelpepplyemvddariaefagakaadelpeqtspyrsdrrg
>Neisseria_flavescens_SK114  coded_by=complement(10525..12780),organism=Neisseria flavescens SK114,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqtiggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpspeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidtalgfemadwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiippelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgtdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>alpha_proteobacterium_MA2  coded_by=complement(247769..250063),organism=alpha proteobacterium MA2,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mtntkklwislaillvasfsvlllmgreiyqkappmpeqvvstagetiytradmelgrrvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreimavlnawaaeegaenyaalsperqaalkgrleglfrtntydpatgtitlaeeraraiekvsghyeqlfgndpafeplreayamkddtvpdaehrkalgaffwwtawaagterpgdtitytnnwpseplienrppassfvwsafsvlfllagigllgwhyavshgreeephdlppfdpmrgtvvtpsmsatakyfwvllalflvqillgaitahyqvegqvqygfelanvlpyslsrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglyiapaisgyeppyqrlgvnflwicliiivvgsfagqwfavmqtlglennfwfghqgweyadmgrfwqiflfiglvlwlvlvgralwpalrpgapgrsitgllflstvaiglffgaalawgenthismveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgllklqtatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtptvvlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayhtfrlskatpwmeryrwpimfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglvlfclrglkpelawnegllkvsfwsfnvglammalftllplgtmqlieainngywsarsaefmqqpivdllvwmrvpgdtifsigalalvvfviglwvrpryqgvpteeeeraattkara
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_7894  coded_by=823972..826260,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 7894,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdtplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=2029846..2031207,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, subunit B
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstrlaylqlilwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynvgmtirkarrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpsywlpigglfsaleplalvgmaayaygairrsglahpntlalhwtigsavfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpaltsgrreqgsslgywafwlqisgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfifdffrhaprmvasepavsgtevhst
>Streptococcus_pneumoniae  coded_by=3870..5231,organism=Streptococcus pneumoniae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstrlaylqlilwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynvgmtirkarrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpsywlpigglfsaleplalvgmaayaygairrsglahpntlalhwtigsavfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpaltsgrreqgsslgywafwlqisgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfifdffrhaprmvasepavsgtevhst
>Propionibacterium_acnes  coded_by=331668..334001,organism=Propionibacterium acnes,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgdegkkpektrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlilsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlgllahdvkdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivligstgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflvqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflellttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieetpgeqghaqlpeatr
>Geobacillus_sp._12AMOR1  coded_by=711539..713812,organism=Geobacillus sp. 12AMOR1,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
misftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtvlilfvgiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwiydllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlvivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmiaitllpvgilqikeafvngywasrspsflqqdivqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Celeribacter_indicus  coded_by=complement(909473..910822),organism=Celeribacter indicus,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqsvakayfycamalfgiqvlggllagwiyvspntlseilpfnvirmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaerelfsvrlaylqliilvvgtlgavlsylmgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrktaitnvllmglwllsllwifafinpenlsldkmywwmvvhlwveatwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywigtpgywqwlgsvfscfevvpfflmmsfafimvwkgrrnhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlavftyampmlrnrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrivgayymevqdslsvfylmrfgagaavvigallfiysllvvrkreiiapgtatplage
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L351  coded_by=complement(107297..109531),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L351,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkqqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgigglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnesmskwafwlitigvlvyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L350  coded_by=2758..4992,organism=Arcobacter butzleri L350,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegevlytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkqqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgigglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnesmskwafwlitigvlvyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelleamsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Stenotrophomonas_sp._Leaf70  coded_by=406315..408588,organism=Stenotrophomonas sp. Leaf70,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnstrklwvglaalliasfavllwvgsevhrqapplpdrvvtedgrviytrkdietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaeavldiwarreagaenhkaldeatqaaytkrvqnlmrpntydavdgtitvdndraeamatvaahyeslfsadpataglreayamrndtvpdaehrreltafywwaawasvterpgsditytanwpadslvgntappstfiwtvfsvlfliagvallgwhyavshgdemapvlpktdplaaikitpsmratakyfwvvialfltqillgaitahyqiegqqaygfalsdvlpysltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyiapaisghepkfqrlgvnflwvclivivvgafagqwfavmqklglkynfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfiglmlwltlvgralwpairnggesksivsllflsvvaiglfyaaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgmlqvksatvavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtptavialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayhnyrmgkatpwmakykwpilffiavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltpthghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpnvvwnekllkaafwalnlglagmaaftllplgilqlsaalkhgywyarsaefmqqpivdmlvwmrvpsdtlfsvgalalawfvfrlwvapkkaalpvgetdqa
>Stenotrophomonas_nitritireducens  coded_by=complement(753..3026),organism=Stenotrophomonas nitritireducens,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnstrklwvglaalliasfavllwvgsevhrqapplpdrvvtedgrviytrkdietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaeavldiwarreagaenhkaldeatqaaytkrvqnlmrpntydavdgtitvdndraeamatvaahyeslfsadpataglreayamrndtvpdaehrreltafywwaawasvterpgsditytanwpadslvgntappstfiwtvfsvlfliagvallgwhyavshgdemapvlpktdplaaikitpsmratakyfwvvialfltqillgaitahyqiegqqaygfalsdvlpysltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyiapaisghepkfqrlgvnflwvclivivvgafagqwfavmqklglkynfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfiglmlwltlvgralwpairnggesksivsllflsvvaiglfyaaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgmlqvksatvavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtptavialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayhnyrmgkatpwmakykwpilffiavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltpthghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpnvvwnekllkaafwalnlglagmaaftllplgilqlsaalkhgywyarsaefmqqpivdmlvwmrvpsdtlfsvgalalawfvfrlwvapkkaalpvgetdqa
>Pseudomonas_sp._CFII64  coded_by=complement(459777..461204),organism=Pseudomonas sp. CFII64,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafstvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtleirgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqidgtalpfmatverlqvlfwarlvagigflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapapvvps
>Pseudomonas_syringae  coded_by=complement(43970..45397),organism=Pseudomonas syringae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafstvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtleirgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqidgtalpfmatverlqvlfwarlvagigflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapapvvps
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=580726..582066,organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitric oxide reductase protein
mkyktqsvamlyfygalglfmaqllfgvlagtiyvlpntlpvelpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgttyfllpeecetelyspklaiaqfwifliaaavavigylfhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnvtmtalkgrkttitnillfglwgvaifflfafynpvnlsldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmirlngidreviekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhenkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlaamayaipqirgrapynqwlsitsfwimctamsvmtfaltfagiiqvhlqrilgeaymdvqdqlgvfywvrlgsgvfvfisalmfiwsvlvpgrarlpdaiaqpae
>Pseudomonas_balearica_DSM_6083  coded_by=949364..950788,organism=Pseudomonas balearica DSM 6083,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msimnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvnrrrrehpnraaslwavgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqtievwgfwlmtismmaitlfltaagvvqvwlqrlpadgaamsfmntadqlavffwlrliagvffliglicylysfrqrgrvtvastvaata
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_112808A  coded_by=complement(35123..37408),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 112808A,definition=hypothetical protein
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Pseudomonas_sp._Chol1  coded_by=complement(53595..55019),organism=Pseudomonas sp. Chol1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaelthnellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvnrrrrehpnraaaiwamgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamiimtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqtveiwgfwlmtismvlitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmnttdqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglicylysfkqrgrvtvastaataa
>Flavobacterium_daejeonense  coded_by=complement(253712..255868),organism=Flavobacterium daejeonense,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mgkeiyqtqppipekvvlkntgtviytkediqtgqnvwesiggmevgsvwghgsyvapdwtaewihkeavfmldnwakafntsyenldvekkaalkarliqdirtntydettknisiseerynaiknntahfssifsegnaeyaiqkkaltdskklaqlnaflfwtswaastnrpnadytytsnwpheplidnnitnssviwsglsivllllfigiltyyyllnhekgelldkpqsnplqdlkllpsqkavlkyfliisllivlqivlgivtvhytvegqaffgfeiskflpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiaatwlatglflapmisgkeikkhilginflfialliivlgsmfgewlgihqflslttnfffghqgyeymdlgrfwqillgvglvlwvlmvsqhiifairkndhsktlltillisvmaigmfffsglmygensslpvinywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatvviayifsqmkiisaktagrvsvasatiflaggilgtlhhlyfsgtpvkaialgatfsalevvpltlmgfeirenwnllkstawmqkykwpifffiavafwnfmgagvfgflinppialyyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygmlgmgfiliclrfysdrdwdnsklkkafwalniglvamvlfsllpigiiqaytsitkgysfaresellysptiqtlkwlrmigdiifsvgifyfcwftvsetiynlkrkik
>Geobacillus_kaustophilus_GBlys  coded_by=28940..31273,organism=Geobacillus kaustophilus GBlys,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochromeb subunit
mrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlvivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglvgmiaitllpvgilqikeafvngywasrspsflqqdivqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Geobacillus_thermoleovorans_B23  coded_by=complement(25713..28046),organism=Geobacillus thermoleovorans B23,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
mrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlvivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglvgmiaitllpvgilqikeafvngywasrspsflqqdivqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Pseudomonas_sp._MT-1  coded_by=4375085..4376455,organism=Pseudomonas sp. MT-1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryksqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllsilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhstklayiqlglwtamgvtavigylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtikksgrftttegvlllglvssavlffpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimgaflayllirlsgadrevlekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvphywlpiggffsaleplaiigmamyaysamrrsgmahpnslalhwalgstiftlfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpsltnkrpeqgttigywafwlqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmlistasifsvgvglfiydffsyrprfevddheltetgmpadrav
>Streptococcus_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(54647..56071),organism=Streptococcus pneumoniae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
msilnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrvevwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Tannerella_sp._oral_taxon_BU063_isolate_Cell_2  coded_by=complement(552..2795),organism=Tannerella sp. oral taxon BU063 isolate Cell 2,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtakrlwmwlgatvaasflvliifgveiyrtappfptkivvsdgevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhretemllelfaqkdgktykdlpedeqakylvqlrkelrtntydaasgvitfsperaqvaraladyytklfmddpsmdhvrksyaipkgaikdparmaqmnafftwttwvcstnrpgsdvtytnnwpyepvignkpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkekeendhlpasdpmrglkptpsmratlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffglpldlilpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgqepkyqrlgvnvlfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqalllvglflwlflmvrallpalrrrdesrhllvlfvlasiaiagfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasvsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyslsrstpwikaykwpiyyfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrewndkllgwsfwlinigllvmlvgsllpigilqavesiqngywsarsmefmqtdtmqairwlrvpgdsllaigelllvyfiiglhtgwslkgkr
>Pseudoxanthomonas_suwonensis  coded_by=1350205..1352505,organism=Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnstrklwaglavlliasfaallwvgseihrqappmpervvatdgtvvytrqdietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaeaildlwatrehgvdgykaldgatqaaythrvqallrpntwnaatgtitvdpdramairtvaghyqllfgndpstaalreayamrnntvpdaehrrqltafywwaawssvterpgsditytanwphdelvgntppsnlfiwtvfsvlfliagigllgwhyavshgeemvpvlpksdplaaikvtpsmratakyfwvvmalflvqillgaitahyqvegqeaygfaladilpysltrtwhtqlsvlwiatawlgmglyigpaisgheprfqrlgvnvlwtclliivigaftgqwlavmqklgldknfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfiglllwltlvgralwpamrtgtesrsivgllflsvvaigvfyaaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgllqtrtatiavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptavialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayhnyrlgkatpwmeryrwpimfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplalyymqglnltpthghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpdvvwserllktsfwslniglagmaaftllplgilqliaaidhgywyarsaefmqqpivdllvwmrvpadtlfsvgalalawfvfrlwvapkreapvpsatavaaaaaivpkh
>Sphingomonas_sp._MM-1  coded_by=complement(184131..186398),organism=Sphingomonas sp. MM-1,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mdrtrqlwiwllsllavsfavlllvgrdisiqapplpakvvtangetvftraemqrgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreslalldlwaqrdlggafeslneerkallqrrlqtemrrntfeastdtitisndravaiervakhyvnlfgndpataelrenyamkndtvpdaghraamtsffwwtawaatterqgrtttytnnwpseplvgnrppsstfiwsafsvtfllagiallgwhhavthgrrekehdlpakdplreiavtpsmratakyfwvvlalflaqimlgamtahyqvegqlvygyeaaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglyiapaisgheprfqalganilwaclliivvgsfagqwlavmqklglernfwfghqgweyvdmgrfwqwflfiglmlwlvlvgralwpalkeksesrhitmlfflsavaiglfygaglfwnehtalsmieywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgliptptatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtsiavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayehwklssatpwmqrykwpvmfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgvglvlfclrgmlpnliwnegvlktsfwcfniglalmalltllplgtlqliaaidkgywyarsaefmqqpvvdllvwlrvpgdivfsagavalawfvaslwlrprsddseaqiaq
>Microlunatus_phosphovorus_NM-1  coded_by=4823608..4825932,organism=Microlunatus phosphovorus NM-1,definition=hypothetical protein
maerasiviskawvqgvalvlvfgflvmgilayrtytdgmplpakvvtedgttvftgeevtngqaiflrrglqeygsvlghggylgpdytaeylrlssediteqlrnqgandaaaevrtmlrtnrfdepsgvlvftpeqaaafdkltrhyatvfgedstkyglipqmmtdpaeihditaffawtawaaaaerpghsysytnnwpsesrvgntpsadilvwsamslvallaglgalfalygrwsrkigwhgneaptlsflqpgevaitpsqrvtgwfflvvsvlfliqatlgaaiehyradlgsffgfdlarvlpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaasflaagiflapiisgrepkkqswlatgllgalaivvagtltgtalstfgvpwakgsiladqqweyldlpkfwqfllvvglflwiiiifrairsrlrteskfnmpwlffysglaipafyavgllagtethitvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrrqiaiqiifldvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsalevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqdsrssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfalrylipperwpdrlaklsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlwhsvnegyyeartlgyisqpgnavlewlrlpgdvlflvggilpfiwicwlgvryaipatthtlepetlfveeheqaradrtglaragdvdg
>Neisseria_lactamica_Y92-1009  coded_by=23541..25796,organism=Neisseria lactamica Y92-1009,definition=Neisseria lactamica Y92-1009 whole genome shotgun sequence, contig 23
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheeveipaedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Candidatus_Contendobacter_odensis_Run_B_J11  coded_by=complement(2040..3455),organism=Candidatus Contendobacter odensis Run_B_J11,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mlpllqypsqavakpyfitaiglfvgqilfglimglqyvigdfmfpaipfniarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesetelhspllaylmfwifliagaltiagyllvpyatlaemtgnnllqtmgrefleqplptkvgivvvalafvynigmtilkgrktaismillagliglavlflfafynpsnlatdkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelimaailafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgiigtghhyywigapaywqwwggvfsaleplpffamtvfcfnmvnrrrrqhpnkaatlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghlafygayvmvvltiisyampilrgrecnperaqvlemwsfwlmtvsmvfitlfltgagilqvwlqrvidnpqpfmavqdqvrifywlrelaglvfliglvlylvsffvkdkpqtvavndvqpaat
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=15324..17645,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsctdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_380_str._F0488  coded_by=complement(8583..10826),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 380 str. F0488,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpedeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelatyytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_412_str._F0487  coded_by=complement(70317..72560),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 412 str. F0487,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpedeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelatyytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Lactobacillus_nodensis_DSM_19682_=_JCM_14932_=_NBRC_107160  coded_by=23278..25575,organism=Lactobacillus nodensis DSM 19682 = JCM 14932 = NBRC 107160,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mtsykklnkillwvlviafsiliaggllifkneaprpskivsesgttvvtkgelvsgqavfekygltdygtylgngtyfgpdytaealhiylkgmneyyakknfdkdfksltteqksgikgvvkeeirknrynsksdhlvltdaqvsglnyltkyyrgvfknnpdeaglpenmiknmtndfmesgdkvdqltyfffwgawlsstnrpgqqysytnnwpydpdagnimtsdamvwtalsvallvagvglviyvykkyhldmqyiedysniksiktdepitssqrkaakyflivmlmffvqvllgellahyyvensffgiplqniwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwiatawlatgiyitpriigrepkrqgllvdilfyalivvvggsmlgewgstlgiindkwwlfghygweyaemgkfwqilfiigmvlwviillrgflpaikikknidrsrllqlllcgsiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgtgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgscfsaleviplcllvweaythyrvykdsaidfpykgtfmflvstglwnaigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygffsvaimlfamrhltkpefwtkkvekwikwacivmniglagmtfitlmpmgflqlkdalefgywharlasfyqdpvimgltiarsvpdiiftagvvillviffrgmfhlkpaskeinpidydik
>Cardiobacterium_valvarum_F0432  coded_by=5598..7934,organism=Cardiobacterium valvarum F0432,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mkefkrmwivlglitigsfillgyfgkevynekppiptafvdedgktlfteddimagqsawqsiggmsvgtvwghgayqapdwtadwihrevlgwleqqaqrefgksyadlserdqatlhydaqqafrkntynketgkvtlsadrvrsieavaayydklfsddpslhklreayamkentlpkaesraklnafffwsawaastnrpdqnvtytnnwpheplignqptaenviwsiisvvtlifgigcviwiwaffthheheepavpardpltlvkltpsqkalgkyllivaalffvqvmlggftahytvegqdfygipvadwlpysltrtwhiqsaifwiatgflagglflvpiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfwaliivvagsflgqfvalkgwmneklnfwlghqgyefveigrlwqialfaglvfwlilmlrgiwaafkvpgdksllilftlaaaaiglfyapalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatsavgfifynlgmvskraataaallaammfliggipgtfhhiyfagtttpimavgalfsalevvplvllgyeafdnwtaqhkaewmkpmrwpltffiavsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislyylqglnttpnhghaalfgvygflalgftlmvlryirptmkwseklmftafwsmnlglilmlftsllpigiiqanatineglwwarsaefieqnpiihtlrwfrtvgdvvfilgavalgvqivkgllhreggdtlagkteapvvpavtetapavtitetins
>Geobacillus_sp._GHH01  coded_by=689596..691959,organism=Geobacillus sp. GHH01,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit beta
mevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltddektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksnrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdkitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvaalffvqamfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewfllghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmrlvtktstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpaanlaeee
>Bacillus_licheniformis_DSM_13_=_ATCC_14580  coded_by=2025170..2027524,organism=Bacillus licheniformis DSM 13 = ATCC 14580,definition=Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksilvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmvygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaeaqygkrfkqlsdekqstirnhviremrknrydrpsdtlkltdaqvyglhqvrdhyrkvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpernrawvdsedqitqvsdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirellpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaapfvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkrepdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvvfsiralfhlrkptyregealpvkdiasde
>Bacillus_licheniformis_DSM_13_=_ATCC_14580  coded_by=2025022..2027376,organism=Bacillus licheniformis DSM 13 = ATCC 14580,definition=nitric oxide reductase beta subunit NorB
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksilvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmvygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaeaqygkrfkqlsdekqstirnhviremrknrydrpsdtlkltdaqvyglhqvrdhyrkvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpernrawvdsedqitqvsdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirellpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaapfvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkrepdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvvfsiralfhlrkptyregealpvkdiasde
>Pseudovibrio_sp._FO-BEG1  coded_by=complement(4923919..4925304),organism=Pseudovibrio sp. FO-BEG1,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyssqkvayayfvaalglfaiqvlvgliggwiyvspnflsellpfnivrmlhtnalvvwlllgffgaayfiipeesereihsvklayiqllilvvgtlgavvsyifgihegrefleqplwvkvgilvaaliflfnismtvlkgrktaitnilviglwalsllwlfafynpanlsldkmywwyvvhlwvegtwelvmasilgflmlkltgvdreviekwlyiivatalfsgilgtghhyywiglpgywqwigsifstlevipfflmmtfsfvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsatvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlaffgayvalnlavftyampmlkgrnpynqvinmgsfwlmtggmsfmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvvgedfmtvqdqltvfyimrfgagaavvlgailfiysvlvprkelftetsgskpvtgsnpeaqavleggr
>Actinomyces_johnsonii_F0542  coded_by=complement(9907..12249),organism=Actinomyces johnsonii F0542,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mssaatvegatsrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpervvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkeqlasqgvddpaaatkemlrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayndavghytkmfgpdahshglkpdlitdpaqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwppeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeeigltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgfdlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarreprkqhvlvwalfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfsqqweyldlpfvfqvlltlalfvwvfiiwramrqrlsnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwpeklaktsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdaftenalyeeikggrkawrgeraelnd
>Neisseria_polysaccharea_ATCC_43768  coded_by=30791..33046,organism=Neisseria polysaccharea ATCC 43768,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpaedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhlqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaagaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Photobacterium_damselae_subsp._damselae_CIP_102761  coded_by=complement(244450..246714),organism=Photobacterium damselae subsp. damselae CIP 102761,definition=nitric-oxide reductase quinol-dependent
msklklsalallivcfasftvllslgsdiyreappiptqikttsgqiiftqqnieqgemvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhrenqnwlnllaqkqfslpysaltrpqqaalqqqvtdemrkntynpqtgvitlsplraqaiaqleqhyialfgddsslnqlredyaiktntlpslerrqelnaflfwgawaaiterpdqnytytnnwpydpalgntptsdnvvwsilsivvllagigalawyqaaqrhdplpklpaqdplfgqkptpsqkavgkyfitaiglfllqivlggitahygvegqdfygiplakilpysltrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiatslskhepkyqklgvnllwvalvfvvlgsmagewlaiqqyfdldtsyifghqgmeyidlgrlwqvllliglllwltlvttairpalsersdnrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfqgkhtnlamaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvislmfvrlgliraksansavlfttvifltggllgtlhhlyftgtptaviawgaifsalevvplaligfeavesyrlrkatpwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagilgflinppialyyiqglnttathahgafmgvygmlgiglmltclrglagqnkawndktlkytfwclniglaamifcsllpvgltqffaviehgywyartpevlhsplvqdliwarmpgdmlfglggvlmgwfllqlivskvkhnstvtnnq
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_AXX-A  coded_by=14871..17156,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans AXX-A,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpykklwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipqevasadgarlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaagsklvlsprraqavaqtaayydqlfsdapalhtsrehyamkentlpdakrrqqlthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagigllvwawaflrgkeepepeapaqdplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhlqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkvgvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_MF28  coded_by=complement(81583..83010),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri MF28,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgslnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpvlpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaalthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktaismvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwlgsifsameplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrqhpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamiimtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrveiwgfwlmtismvmitlfltaaglvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntaeqlrvffwlrliagvffmiglicylssfrqrgrvtadataavata
>Aggregatibacter_aphrophilus_F0387  coded_by=48856..51105,organism=Aggregatibacter aphrophilus F0387,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykkfwfllvavligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvteqgelvithdnilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtilksrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaamdktaqyyislygddpaskatrehfamkdntlpslearqdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasivfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpispegdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgavvahytvegqefygldisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkhatn
>Aggregatibacter_aphrophilus_NJ8700  coded_by=1477465..1479714,organism=Aggregatibacter aphrophilus NJ8700,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwfllvavligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvteqgelvithdnilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtilksrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaamdktaqyyislygddpaskatrehfamkdntlpslearqdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasivfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpispegdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgavvahytvegqefygldisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkhatn
>Aggregatibacter_aphrophilus_NJ8700  coded_by=1477516..1479765,organism=Aggregatibacter aphrophilus NJ8700,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwfllvavligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvteqgelvithdnilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtilksrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaamdktaqyyislygddpaskatrehfamkdntlpslearqdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasivfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpispegdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgavvahytvegqefygldisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalaffwqiftmvffkpkhatn
>Halopiger_xanaduensis_SH-6  coded_by=825477..827813,organism=Halopiger xanaduensis SH-6,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqvtrkqlatflaaifvvnlivmgggawlsyanspdipdtivgpdgeevatsddvrdgkeafqenglmnqgsilgrgsyydtdytadtlelktehmrayyaqdehdaayddldtsqqaaidervrqelqssnyddaqveysaaeayaheqvrqeyveryyegdrergipeeqvqsaeaaedfadfalwtawishtdrpgsdasftndfpyspaagndaggpvmtwsviamvllvggagiaiwlyqaielpepeaegvsiphpkeidltpsqllssrfvligallffaqtllggllahyyverddffglhefigidilqilpwsiartwhvdlgilwiatiwlgaglflaplltgreprkqalyvkgligallvvavgalagiwlginnffdgqlwwllgnegleyleigrvwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytprtnivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffilvvisltlvsmnllrkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstiefvpllfilyealgqyravdgaskdfpyrmvfyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfqsgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttreshwserrltwsfwlcnvglalmlflsllpvgflqletaftqgyaaarslefysggliqtlfwlrmpgdtlliagaaifawdvvakllfqrkatadetrshviadrifgegdaidptdpaepvsddd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3081  coded_by=complement(8200..10455),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3081,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4377  coded_by=3244228..3246516,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4377,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=8639..10927,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1000  coded_by=complement(63445..65733),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1000,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(112418..114706),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(570935..573223),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2804194..2806482,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2803871..2806159,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NCTC_13178  coded_by=complement(529809..532097),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NCTC 13178,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1079  coded_by=863986..866274,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1079,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5609  coded_by=20972..23260,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5609,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7527  coded_by=21354..23642,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7527,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5848  coded_by=complement(3214424..3216712),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5848,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5855  coded_by=complement(1927703..1929991),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5855,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=32645..34933,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_ABCPW_30  coded_by=complement(990395..992683),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei ABCPW 30,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4372  coded_by=complement(2701372..2703660),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4372,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5855  coded_by=21628..23916,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5855,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR543  coded_by=1469873..1472161,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR543,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Corynebacterium_striatum  coded_by=complement(92819..95410),organism=Corynebacterium striatum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mstttshedrrkpvlklssvwvqgvalvmifgflvmgflayrtynasmplpekivsettgetiltkdeilngqalyqtrglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmsldkarelndangypdfidkdatpeeavqqefranrydeatgvlkwtdnqiaafesnkeyyakyfgedshekglpsnfitdkqqinnlvgffgwtswasaaerpghdysytnnwpaeprvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhaeeapnldftqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhlqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkgqhwlvwfllgaiafvvfgsmafewlstmgyikegtlfsqqwefldlprffqilltvgmfvwigiifrqlrgrlkhehksnmpwlffyagiaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvirekialgiifldiilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalryllpkdkwsdkamawsfwlqnigllwmvvisllplgvmqlyesvasgyvearslgyitepgnfimewlrmpgdvmflagiipflwmalkgvlfnkeiptieehpkdplfsiiapddddhagevpvagaassvglvsggkgrvdsrdgahntgridgrrygyidergafveeqapddgrgdsaatgpqdpvfdsktkwggtygsdkk
>Natrinema_pallidum_DSM_3751  coded_by=complement(6781..9096),organism=Natrinema pallidum DSM 3751,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqisrkqlamflatifvvnlvvmgggawlsyenepeipntivgpdgetvatsddvqsgktvfqenglmnqgsmlgrgsyydvdytadtlelktdymrdyyaqeeyetayedletpeqaaidetvrqelqssthgerveysaaeayaheqvrqdyvetyhegdrergiqeglipteeeaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpgtdvsftndfpyspaagndaggavmtwsviamvllvagagiaiwlyqavelpepeaggvsiphpkeidltpsqllstrfiligavlfvlqtflggllahyyierdgffglnellgfdilqwlpwsiartwhvdlgvlwiatmwlgaglflaplltgheprkqalyikgligallvvavgglagiwlginnvfdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpetnfvmtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffiivvialtlvsmnlltkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefipllfilyealgqyramdtagtdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfesgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttrnthwserrlrwsfwlcnlglalmlflsllpvgflqletaftqgyaasrslefynggliqtlfwlrmpgdtllilgavlfawdvvakllfqrkataeetsghviadrifgdrspadpvsddd
>gamma_proteobacterium_HdN1  coded_by=complement(335783..338167),organism=gamma proteobacterium HdN1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, subunit B
mstnsllggsirakknialwlvskknwilqflivaaictggllylgaqtyisappivnfvndkgdtvfseqqimdgkhvwsirglmaygsfwgdgaergpdftadslhrsvvamrefyakekkaelgvdalpvyetdaiaarvirelhnnaydeeagivrlnpaqeyafaevrehyrkmfndatyseafhpqglisdpeqitsltsfffwggwasaanrpgetysythnwphdpgagnaptpatwiwsflsilalflcivvvlyvygqmrelpidvfgtstenpfaltthdlengyvrptqkatykffalamilfgvqifagiaaawdfvkpfgislndflpftasrsfhaiiqivwffvcwvgytifflprlsklpssqrtminslfamivivglgtligvylstmgfldgwvaywfgtmgwefmemgrffqlfllvtfsfwiyiiyrgvknwltrkniwsvpawllygsgimvlflffgvliledqnfaiadywrwmvvhmwvevtfevfttvivgyllvqmglvtrlmaertiflavmlflitavigishnfywiakptgiialgsifstlqvlpmllltldawkmrqelgrahdlrqqgrqvhvmegvwlfilgvnfwnivgagvlgslinlpivnyyehatyltpnhahaamfgvkgniaiagmlfclqhmfhksawsetrikgifwslqiglvlmmvldmfpvglyqvwltlqdglwharssevilgpvfasftylrvigiavfvlggalpliwfvlsrgrtlqqetevaegewtayeddepwvavkk
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL078PA1  coded_by=13631..15013,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL078PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
maawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Vulcanisaeta_distributa_DSM_14429  coded_by=complement(1378815..1381025),organism=Vulcanisaeta distributa DSM 14429,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
magrnsvwprvvlmvtilvyvaygimawytfthlppipaavvtengtvlftyndvvmgkyyfqkyglmdygsilgmgsyfgidftsytlriyedtaahylgfdavpqdnasamaiirqdlmpikadptpkgdvivvsdefaqgfynavkfyswmlgpaseqfrlkpdlitnetvvkdlvayftwsfmiamqgytngfpympglieptanvtyaswitlftimltvmpmagyvvlklmdywneprlsiqlpspndaqrltliafllagialgiqgllgaytmhlyvdtslyginlipilpfnvsralhytlavlwiavtwiafsffvfpyfglsvsrrqvltvlvigvlvsigtllgiwasylqlipapwwfiigaqgrdvttqgtlwlilitailgyvsylwsrasrtapeslkpfakilsiaiagtaagafigalpiiqpwpdfqvdeyfrwmtihafvegfwppivvtvtvvllvvaglippklgtvvagmdatleiitgmigtahhyyfnglptfwmyvgavmstleaiplgfviiyvillwrrgeirtelqktivtyalvagigggigvvafgaglinlpllnyflhdaqttmahahlafplayglpsimmwvvafalsggfsdrdlkymrwaaiiigvgfylqallslvplgvlqfmyelkygywfiktiitpsghpgfwelplvdefvwlrmigdlvaalgfaivifgmllrfrkalgkpllealgvsrs
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128731..131049,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmglyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqvgffiglvfwsalilrglwpglasikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(41..1564),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvalhr
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=3636..5159,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvalhr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=124649..126976,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhsllrkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsgfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL1847  coded_by=complement(343592..345925),organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL1847,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlreatr
>Propionibacterium_sp._KPL1849  coded_by=complement(343705..346038),organism=Propionibacterium sp. KPL1849,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldarikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgknshnlgllahdikdpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratswfffviavlfliqtlvgaaaehyradissffgldlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramrtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlreatr
>Myroides_profundi  coded_by=complement(3371781..3373982),organism=Myroides profundi,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mlfsfgvlgyfgieiyqeappvpievrttngetvltasnikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadflhrealylleyyaqekynksyedssleeqaylkahlqanirantydkatgvltiteernkarlylqeyytklftddpeftqlrkdyaipnnaltdptrlkqmnafffwatwatvtnrpdsdvsythnwpaeelvgnvattpliawsgvsvillifavgvlvyyhvaskqeeedmvpvedpvsngtvtksmtilkkyfwvvcllmllqvglgivtahygvegqglygipldqilpysvtrtwhtqlaifwiatawlgtglyispavggkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivlgsmigqwfgimqklnlvqnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglfvwlalmirpllpvlkekgshrnliilfliscgaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvlaflfvrmgliktktatngalfstivfmsggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvpltligyeayenykisthkgwlqdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagvfgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlrsiyrdikwnekllkigfwglnlglllmallsllpigiwqaiesiqhgmwyarsselmqlpamntlkwlrtigdviftvgifaivlfvfkltfkksnhdk
>Lactobacillus_futsaii_JCM_17355  coded_by=59920..62217,organism=Lactobacillus futsaii JCM 17355,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqvykrlnrtllwvlviafsiliaggflifkneaprpskmvdesgttivtkkqllsgqavyekygltdygsylgngtyfgpdytaqslhvyiqgmqnyyaqkqyktnfkdlsvekqsgikgrvkheirknrynsktdqlvlttaqvagvnhltkhyrhefrnnpheaglpenmihnntddfmqngdkidqltyfffwgawlsstnrphqtysytnnwpydldagnimtseamvwtalsvavlvagvgvviyfykkyhfdmqfnesyadipeirtdepisnsqrktakfflivmmmflvqillgelmshyyvedtffglplqyiwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwiatawlatgiyitprvlgrepkrqgilvdilfwaliivvggsmlgewgstlgfingkwwifghygweyaemgkfwqilfiigmflwifimlrgfvpaikikknlhrsrllqlliigsiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgtgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsaleviplcllvweaythyrvykdshkgfpykgtfmflvstglwnalgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahasmagvygffsvaimlfairhltetnfwttkvekwikwacitmnvglagmvfvtlmplgylqlkdalengywharqisfyrqplengltiarsvpdiiftagvvillvifframfhlkkaskeinpvdydik
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA044  coded_by=111535..112932,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA044,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA14  coded_by=complement(217084..218481),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA14,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CI27  coded_by=19412..20809,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CI27,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_UCBPP-PA14  coded_by=592432..593829,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa UCBPP-PA14,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA027  coded_by=complement(147166..148563),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA027,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL16  coded_by=592421..593818,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL16,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(616..2013),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(600..1997),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH058  coded_by=592433..593830,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH058,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mmspngslkfasqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesdcelyspklawilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarltgnelwptmgrefleqptiskagivivalgflfnvgmtvlrgrktaismvlmtgliglallflfsfynpenltrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhyfwigvpgywlwlgsvfsaleplpffamvlfafntinrrrrdypnravalwamgttvmaflgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghmafygayamivmtiisyamprlrgigeamdnrsqvlemwgfwlmtvamvfitlflsaagvlqvwlqrmpadgaamtfmatqdqlaifywlregagvvfliglvayllsfrrgkaaa
>Propionibacterium_acnes_FZ1/2/0  coded_by=complement(702724..705057),organism=Propionibacterium acnes FZ1/2/0,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrsvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=24541..26865,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b
mkisdrkmllsplwlqtaivtfllgfavlgylalrvstdhppiprqvlsadgstlftgediisgqqifqkyglmqygtiyghgaylgpdftaqylhhqgmemlsfyrgqglsdaearerirrelkanlydlntgtlkytkgqdqafgtmvdfyrdwfgtsgnskglrrpaitnegeikrltaffswaawtsaavrpdasysytnnwpadplagneptaqallwsvlslaallggtgvvlflfgrykwlgwhgeeerlserrfimpdevrltpaqratawyflvvaglflcqgllggvnahyhvesegffglkldqwlpynlsrmwhvqlalffvassflamgiflapmiarreprhqdklalllfgalvvvvvgslageaasikdyiglngpwfwigsqgweyldlgrlwqmlltmgmflwlvilvrglkdtlqeehpgnmpwlflysalsiplfyavgmafskssnfavidfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayifvllgvvrarvaniiiymdiilysiggvigtmhhlyfsgapaihmalgaffsameviplvlltyeawrfmqlgaaggeksmfatpssqfphkwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtqwtanhghgalmgvygmlamgffmfvaryfiprdraselamrssfwsmniglawmlfinlfpvgvlqlndaltysywharapeffqqplvrvfewlrfpgdaifivggifpvvylavrmfinrnrpgghgwqeegeftrlaggenlka
>Thauera_sp._27  coded_by=complement(189163..190542),organism=Thauera sp. 27,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqyksqavampyfiaaiglfvgqiifglilgmqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeetetelyspklalilfwvflvagaatilgyllvdyatlasmtgndllatmgrefleqplltkigivvvalaflfnvtmtvlkgrktvisivlllglwglaifflfafynpvnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalctgiigtghhyfwigtpeywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyfthgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvitiisyampilrgraansekaqvvemwsfwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrisdtpmsfmatqdqlmlfywmrewagvmffiglltylasffikgeaktaka
>Rhizobacter_sp._Root16D2  coded_by=450622..452904,organism=Rhizobacter sp. Root16D2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msttdrlwlglctlliigfgvllwmgteihrqappmpqavvtergdivytrtdielgrqvwqsiggqqlgsvwghgalvapdwsadwlhreatawldlraraknemayadlgpgeqarvqaefrplirrntfdaargrivvsaereqaitqvashysslfssdptthtlreryamrentvpdalhrralsafffwtswaavterpgeamsytqnwpyeplvgntptastfiwtvfsvlfmiagiallawhnavwhhkdkvealapplqdplrgmvptpsmkatakyfwlvvamflvqillgattahyqvegqsaygialsdvlpyaltrtwhtqlavlwiavawlatglyigpvisghepkyqrlgvnllfvclvaivvgaftgqwlavmqklglannfwfghqgweyvdigrfwqwflfiglllwlvlvgralwpalvrkddmssivgllflstvaigllfgaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfaiavisflfvklglvrgktatvnvlfativfmsggilgtfhhlyfagtttavvalgasisalevvplaligleayetwrhgqatpwmqryrwpilfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflintplalyymqglnltalhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpevqwnngtlagafwglsiglalmalltllplgvlqlqaalengywyarsadfmgkpivhllvwmrvpgdtvfsvgalliawfvfrlwvapqretiplgevtvgra
>Neisseria_elongata_subsp._glycolytica_ATCC_29315  coded_by=4313..6415,organism=Neisseria elongata subsp. glycolytica ATCC 29315,definition=hypothetical protein
mtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldftaqaqfgknyeqldaaqqatlrtqladeyrnqskvkedgtvvisetrqkaieavapyyiklygndpdmvqtrdnfamknntlpseearkkltnfffwtawsastnrpdkeftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsivlllsgiglllwgysfltkheevqppaedplskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvaqvllggltahytiegqhfyginfsdwlpyalartwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapiinggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvlgsyggnflalsdnmpaamnfwfghqgyefldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmircaftafkekntdknllaifvasmfgvgvfyapglfygehspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatasfafifynmgfvrrntataatlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplillgreayehwsyqnaapwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvalylkpeehfndklmtwgfwllngglvgmiatsllpigaiqaaasistglwyarsenflqqdlletlrwirtlsdlifiggaccfawqatktvfgfgkakn
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2881..>5101,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvai
>Pyrobaculum_arsenaticum_DSM_13514  coded_by=complement(452228..454432),organism=Pyrobaculum arsenaticum DSM 13514,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mektmervmkngwtylvlattvfvyvvymamavwtfynlppipdrvetksgvllftgqdviegkylvqkyglldygsflgfggyfgidyvaytmkfyadkvaqlrgltfspetatqvksllmphfeappstlfaaqggrvvvsdefgkafeaavqfysdyfgpkaeevglkpnlitdqqqirkivafftwgvlislanytngfpylpgitqprldvttatwatffillliimptagyiilkfidywrdprislelpppsptqrlallgfvlavlglsvqgllggylmhkytepaqlygipgvnnwlpfnvaralhsnlpilwmavtwvsfalfvlpylgvqlsrakvlailglgtfvalgillgiwasylqmipdpwwfiigsqgrpvvnqgtlwlilvaallaylsaavwkasrtspepiqplvkilsialagtafgtlmgalpvvspwyhftideyfrwilihsfvegfwpaivipillillviagmvpprlavaaagldatleiatgmigtahhyywggqptlwmylgavvstlevlpigfliayalvlwrrgevktelqktlltfvlvaafggaigvvafgaglinmpvinywvhgsqgtmvhahlamplaygvpsmlmwvvaftlagafsaaqlrrlrlavvvmaagfylqvllslmllmtnqfaaatsqgywamkalfapdgtpgfwqrpdiqtfvwlrmigdivaavgiavfliymlrglpkglksq
>Methylophaga_aminisulfidivorans_MP  coded_by=complement(1809570..1811834),organism=Methylophaga aminisulfidivorans MP,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtnvknlwlflafllfvsfgvliwsgnqiyqqappmpekvvttdgnliysrdeiekgrqvwqsfggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwmhrelmallnlwanrdygvesfelanaeqqaalqgrlkslvrkntynpdtgvitlsldrvkaitqvsehyqrlfsdepstaelreayamknntvtdpenrrvlsaffwwtawatmtnridgditytnnwpneplidnkppasmflwsafsvtfllagiglmgwyyaashgkeeatsklpvtdpmrelrptpsmmatakyfwvllalflvqillgavtahyqvegqvmygfelseilpysitrtwhtqlavlwialawlatglyigpavsgyeppyqrfgvnllwvcllvivvgaftgqwfavnqtlglehnfwfghqgweyadigrfwqwflfiglllwlclvgrslwptlrqpsesrsiigllflstvaiglffgaalvwnehthismveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlglipvktatvavlfatiifmsggvigtlhhlyfvgsptpvlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayhnytlghatewmkryrwpimffvavafwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgigltlfcirgikpdliwpegtlkasfwcfniglalmalltllplgvmqlfaslnhgywyarsadfmqqpvvdllvwmrvpgdtifavgalllawfilslwikpkyeggqqrg
>Staphylococcus_aureus_Sau_47  coded_by=196089..198380,organism=Staphylococcus aureus Sau 47,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwgegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Acidovorax_sp._Root267  coded_by=complement(117311..118747),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root267,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhiptlkyqsqsvsklyfiaamalfagqiifgitlglqyvvgdlffpyvpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeesetelhsvllakvlfwvfltagaltivgyltvpyaklaeltgndllqtmgrefleqplptkvgivvvalgflynismtvlkgrktaislvllmglwglalvflfsfvnphnlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegvwelilgsllayvlvkttgvdrevidkwlyviiafalmtgilgtghhfyfiglpgywhwigsifsalepvpffmmtvfafnmvqrrrrdhpnqaavlwavgtavlgflgaglwgfihtlsavnyythgsqitaahghlafygayvlvvitlisyamptlrgrianspraqaaemwsfwimsigmavmvlaltgagilqvwlqripetnamgfmatqdqlsifywvrvgggvvfllgqllffysffiggdpvteegrtgnpgrtalgta
>Sphingobium_baderi_LL03  coded_by=complement(10642..12870),organism=Sphingobium baderi LL03,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mlavsfavlllvgrdisiqapplpakvvtangetvftraemqrgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreslalldlwaqrdlggafeslneehkallqrrlqtemrrntfeastdtitisndravaiervakhyvnlfgndpataelrenyamkndtvpdaghraamtsffwwtawaatterqgrtttytnnwpseplvgnrppsstfiwsafsvtfllagiallgwhhavthgrrekehdlpakdplreiavtpsmratakyfwvvlalflaqimlgamtahyqvegqlvygyeaaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglyiapaisgheprfqalganilwaclliivvgsfagqwlavmqklglernfwfghqgweyvdmgrfwqwflfiglmlwlvlvgralwpalkeksesrhitmlfflsavaiglfygaglfwnehtalsmieywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgliptptatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtsiavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayehwklssatpwmqrykwpvmfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgvglvlfclrgmlpnliwnegvlktsfwcfniglalmalltllplgtlqltaaidkgywyarsaefmqqpvvdllvwlrvpgdivfsagavalawfvaslwlrprsddseaqiaq
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_PD30  coded_by=262551..263981,organism=Pseudomonas mandelii PD30,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msianphlkfasqsvakpyfvfalilflgqivfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwilfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptiskmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrdhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyampklrglgeaadersqqleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitllltaagavqiylqrwpvdgvalpfmatvehlqvlfwarlgaglgffagllcylssfkrrvpvgmtataasavrs
>Leptospira_yanagawae_serovar_Saopaulo_str._Sao_Paulo_=_ATCC_700523  coded_by=complement(141364..142713),organism=Leptospira yanagawae serovar Saopaulo str. Sao Paulo = ATCC 700523,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigmdglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqliswvvvgvvaiagfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtldsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgkdhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlvtamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnmtgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagitqvylerklgmdflvvqkeiifhfygmllaatlftigityfivdfirhglpsnealgknvgdld
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MIN_052511_1280  coded_by=complement(102803..105073),organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MIN_052511_1280,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
migkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlfsgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Paracoccus_sp._SY  coded_by=454..1863,organism=Paracoccus sp. SY,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mentmkyqsqkialayiavalalfatqvtmgliigyiyvqpnflseilpfsvgrmvhtnalvvwllcgffgaayflipeeaereihspflaylqlfilvvgtagavltylwnpwagnyfvgtqgrefleqptwvkvgivvaaliflynvsmtvlkgrkttistilliglwglallflfafynpanlgldkqywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilgflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyfwigmpaywqwigsifssfevvpffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcavlaffgagiwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqvtaahghlafygayvclnlalfsyampilrrrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsggmlfmtfaltfagtvqthlqrvlgmgymevqdqmalfywmrfgsgvavvlgailfiyalsfprrevvrpgpvererlannpdyiaae
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=19861..21228,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirkagrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvflagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyalpsltagrrergtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlddtepvlaerevhpt
>Chromobacterium_sp._LK11  coded_by=34467..35894,organism=Chromobacterium sp. LK11,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msnatvatpprgasaavaqvryrsqavakpyfiaaiglfigqivfgliiglqyvigdflfpavpfgtarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgagyylipeeserelhsprlaiitfwvflvagaltilgylglpyhelarltgndllptmgrgyleqplitkvgivlvalsflynlsmtllagrktsisivmmlglwglavfflfsfvnpdnlvldkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlvkvtgvdreviekwlyliiamtlitgiigtghhyfwigvpaywqlwgsifsalepvpffmmtlfafnmvkrrrrehpnqaatlwalgtgvmsflgagvwgfigtlsvvnyythgtqvtashghmafygayvmvvltmisytmpllrgreancaqaqkvektafwvmtlsivaitlcltaagavqvwlqrmsatplsfmetqerimpiywgrwvfgisffcglvlyvisffvtgkred
>Aquimarina_sp._22II-S11-z7  coded_by=40572..42818,organism=Aquimarina sp. 22II-S11-z7,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkkekklwlglaavlllsfsvlgyygyeiyqkappipdkiispsgdiiftnsqikdgqniwqsiggqeigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhrealfildiyaqkdfntnyklineeqqaalkirlqkdlrantynettksitiseerilaiqylsnyykglftddpkfdqlrsdyaipkntikseermqkmnafffwatwatvtqrpdenisythnwpaeelvgnvptkslftwsgvsivllimsigimvfyhvksgedehipapvedpllrqgitssmrlvkkyfwvvsllmvvqmllgivtahygvegdgfygipldqilpysvtrswhtqlaifwiatawlatglyiapsisgkdpkfqvfgvnflfialliivagsmfgqwlgimqklnlvenfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflliglflwlalmarpllpilkkkteeknliimflisciaiamfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllktktaihnvlfatiiflsggilgtfhhiyfsgtptavmalgatfsaleivpltligyeayhnyklskatrwlkdykwpiyfmiavafwnflgagifgfiinppialyyvqglnttplhshtalygvygtlgiglmlfvlrslyrdirwnekllkisfwslnigllamallsllpmgvwqalesiehgmwyarsaefmqhpgmiilkwlrsigdiifaigmvticwfvfdltlknktilnk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_TCDC-NG08107  coded_by=complement(1141481..1143709),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae TCDC-NG08107,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mlfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Leisingera_aquaemixtae  coded_by=28965..30308,organism=Leisingera aquaemixtae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvayayfmvamglfaiqvlggllagwiyvwpntlsellpfnivrmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayylvpeeserelfsvklayiqlailvvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrktaitnillmglwllsllwifafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivalalfsgilgtghhffwigtpgywqwigsifstlevipffammsfafimvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvamnlamftyampqlknrdpynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrivgdyfmdvqdqlglfylmrlgsgavvvlgallfiyatvvvrrevikpgpvavpge
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_HK2019  coded_by=26525..28768,organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae HK2019,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfadlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthasytnnwpheplinnmptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepatpefdpltklqltpsqrslgkylftvlalfvlqvtlgavvahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlywalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmerlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrfggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffkpkkaa
>Mycobacterium_avium_MAV_061107_1842  coded_by=complement(1073322..1075565),organism=Mycobacterium avium MAV_061107_1842,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitekaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggalpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Vibrio_cholerae  coded_by=complement(60279..62537),organism=Vibrio cholerae,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
magyrklwwvlitvlaitfgvlgyfgaevyrsappipakvvnqdgkvlmtnesildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawlelaaqdqynkaydsltpaeqnglqfalkeayrtntydkatdtlvlssrriqaiattadhyiklfgndpslsetranyamknntlpslerreqmvqfffwtawaastertpdaatytnnwpheplidnkptaenliwslisiilliagvgalvwawaflrkhddeepvspkfdpianlkltpsqkslgkyivvvvalftlqvflggftahytiegdgfyglnttkwlpyslartwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvagsfagnyfaimqiipheysfwfghqgyeyidigrfwqiikyigilfwlvlmlraivpafkapgdknllalfgasvicvglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvsrtmatsaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeafeqwrmknrapwmadlkwpimffvavsfwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfcllilryirpqlqfdeklmktafwwlnvglvlmlftsllpigfiqfyasateglwyarseafmqsdllhtlrwirtigdvvfiigalavswqivkgvfdtkaakqiss
>Vibrio_cholerae  coded_by=complement(60972..63230),organism=Vibrio cholerae,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
magyrklwwvlitvlaitfgvlgyfgaevyrsappipakvvnqdgkvlmtnesildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawlelaaqdqynkaydsltpaeqnglqfalkeayrtntydkatdtlvlssrriqaiattadhyiklfgndpslsetranyamknntlpslerreqmvqfffwtawaastertpdaatytnnwpheplidnkptaenliwslisiilliagvgalvwawaflrkhddeepvspkfdpianlkltpsqkslgkyivvvvalftlqvflggftahytiegdgfyglnttkwlpyslartwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvagsfagnyfaimqiipheysfwfghqgyeyidigrfwqiikyigilfwlvlmlraivpafkapgdknllalfgasvicvglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvsrtmatsaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeafeqwrmknrapwmadlkwpimffvavsfwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfcllilryirpqlqfdeklmktafwwlnvglvlmlftsllpigfiqfyasateglwyarseafmqsdllhtlrwirtigdvvfiigalavswqivkgvfdtkaakqiss
>Vibrio_cholerae  coded_by=complement(60279..62537),organism=Vibrio cholerae,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
magyrklwwvlitvlaitfgvlgyfgaevyrsappipakvvnqdgkvlmtnesildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawlelaaqdqynkaydsltpaeqnglqfalkeayrtntydkatdtlvlssrriqaiattadhyiklfgndpslsetranyamknntlpslerreqmvqfffwtawaastertpdaatytnnwpheplidnkptaenliwslisiilliagvgalvwawaflrkhddeepvspkfdpianlkltpsqkslgkyivvvvalftlqvflggftahytiegdgfyglnttkwlpyslartwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilfwalvvlvagsfagnyfaimqiipheysfwfghqgyeyidigrfwqiikyigilfwlvlmlraivpafkapgdknllalfgasvicvglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvsrtmatsaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeafeqwrmknrapwmadlkwpimffvavsfwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfcllilryirpqlqfdeklmktafwwlnvglvlmlftsllpigfiqfyasateglwyarseafmqsdllhtlrwirtigdvvfiigalavswqivkgvfdtkaakqiss
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_ATCC_14931  coded_by=19036..21378,organism=Lactobacillus fermentum ATCC 14931,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqtrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_CECT_5716  coded_by=complement(1860793..1863135),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum CECT 5716,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqtrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_3872  coded_by=complement(2044069..2046411),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum 3872,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqtrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_3872  coded_by=complement(60290..62632),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum 3872,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqtrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_L930BB  coded_by=complement(17337..19679),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum L930BB,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktlygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpgrsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqtrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidans_TNO-09.020  coded_by=complement(414308..416671),organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidans TNO-09.020,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevnrsvrpsfrperrtpnsflksiliftilvsftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgdvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakdrygkpfsqlakeektiirdevikemrknrynpatdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrrvftsgdgwglqkglikesdmpkahrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprigdhitytnnwpyyeaagntmsfsaiwwsgasvtililfigmilfffyryqlsmqeaykegqfpvidlhkqpltssqvksgkyfaivavlffiqsmfgallahyyvepdrffvikwihdllpfniaksyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifiaplvgghepkkqgifvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvagmliwlfivfrgiksglkqerdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmkpdtnftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmklvtksstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvhfpykstfwflistavwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfgiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfacwmlnlglagmiavtllpigilqmkeafehgywasrspdflqqdvvqtlltlravpdtifligvivlmafsvkslfhlrkpthgeeealpvvdftkee
>marine_sediment_metagenome  coded_by=413..2683,organism=marine sediment metagenome,definition=hypothetical protein
mqeqvsnfpelspwwrrsvvlvfvfgmiglvfmsvqayryappipegvidsdgkvifdkqeiesgqqvflkyglmqngsiwghgsylgpdfsaqylhelaletgqtvsvqefgmdlsaldqsqralvdaqvsillkknrydpaskqltfidaerasfqkqltiwtdyfkhpitnsglpdnyindpeeihqltaffawtawasvanrpdkpysytnnfpydpmvgnfltsdailwsalsvamllaglaavlfvfgkfdylgwkggsqsiypqmlageitagqkatikyffivallflaqvmiggalahyraepgnfygidlaqylpsnilrtwhlqlaifwiatayvagglllasslnqdeprghvvgihmlfwalvvlvvgsllgelaginqvfvrlwswfghqgweylelgrfwqiilviglsfwivllyratapalkdperreitllflggaaaipffylpafffgsttnftvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffelfvtilvavtfyqlgvvrrinvvrviymdailflsggiigtahhwywtgqanftmalaamfsalevvpltlltldawdfikltgtgeaasapnktiphkwafyflmavgfwnfvgagifgflinmpvvsyfeagtiltlnhahaaflgafgmlamallvlglrhvltdeqwvlpekfvrlsfwgmniglalmvitnlfpegilqiwdvlengywharslefigtdrirmlewagmpshliliivgvvpmviasgltylkirea
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root562  coded_by=69718..71994,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root562,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrklwwsligvlgvtfcllgwfgheiyrqappipetvqsvegktlfrasdildgqtawqgiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelltwldlaaqqnygkpyqqidddqqallrhqlkreyrgnrlvdgtlvlsdrriqaiahtaeyyhalfgndpalhhsresfamkentlpdsarrqqltrfffwtawaaateregqsatftnnwpheplidnhptaenmvwsivsivvllagigflvwgwaflrnhdegqpkvpaqdplslirltpsqkalgkylllvgalfgfqvlmggatahytvegqdfyglplskwfpysltrtwhlqsamfwiatgflaaglflapfinggkdpkwqklgvdvlfwalvlvvvgsyagnflaiaqlmpaqwsfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqiakfagivfwlvlmlramvpalrqpgdknllallaasvvaiglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafiftsmglvskrlattatlgsaslfmlggvpgtfhhiyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplillgheawenwrlkerapwmarlrwplqffiatafwnmlgagvfgflinppialyyiqglnttplhahaalfgvygslalgfsllilrylrpnlqfndrlmntgfwwlngglmlmivtsllpigilqfyasasqglwyarseafmqqdllqtlrwvrtfgdvvflvgafaliwqiaggllfssrhprgieaaavkgqr
>Marinobacter_sp._EN3  coded_by=152654..154069,organism=Marinobacter sp. EN3,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqivfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyymvpeeaqtelhspllawilfwvfavagtltilgylfvdyatlaevtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkigiavvvvaflynismtalkgrktvvnivlitglvglavlwlfsfynpgnlatdkyfwwfvvhlwvegvwelimgailayvlikltgvdreviekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigppeywlwlgsvfsaleplpffmmvvfafnminrrrrnhpnkaamlwamgttvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayvmivltiisyavpimrgrpygnsntaqvvemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltgagvlqvwlqripesgealsfmagqdqialfywmrfvagaffmaglvvyfgsffikgeaspaeevrgpatada
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2004264  coded_by=complement(4393..6648),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2004264,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2001068  coded_by=complement(4454..6709),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2001068,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2005079  coded_by=complement(4528..6783),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2005079,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2000081  coded_by=complement(4342..6597),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2000081,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2001072  coded_by=complement(4419..6674),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2001072,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2001073  coded_by=26090..28345,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2001073,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M7089  coded_by=complement(3345..5600),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M7089,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M7124  coded_by=complement(237343..239598),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M7124,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2005040  coded_by=complement(3254..5509),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2005040,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M7124  coded_by=complement(1842830..1845085),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M7124,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Porphyromonas_sp._oral_taxon_279_str._F0450  coded_by=complement(4227..6473),organism=Porphyromonas sp. oral taxon 279 str. F0450,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtpkklwyalaavillsfgvlgffgleifrtmppfptkvvttdgttlfegqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsvwghgayiapdwsadylhreaelllkklaerdgldyaslpaaeqakyqvllreevrkntfdeatgvitysplraevahelgayyaklflgdnspefvklrsayalraksiedprkmeqmsaffawaswvcvtnrpgtdvsytnnwphdptigniaptslhlwsgfsvlmlltcvgilvyyyaqskedevgvlptsdplrgmkptpsmrattkyiwivsililvqmvlgaitahygvegdalfglpiqdflpqavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgvepkyqrlgvnvlfgalifvvagslvgqwlgvmqklglienfwlghqgyeyvelgrlwqvlllvglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdenrhlltlfiiaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfcrlgllriqsatvsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligmeayhnyklskstewieaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyylqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfclrglypdykwndkligtafwminiglflmvtvsvlpigilqahesitnaywsarsaefmqqdhmqlirwmrmpgdlilgvgelllvvfifglqfgwsrkgtr
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._anaerobius  coded_by=complement(47360..49651),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. anaerobius,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelvsgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Achromobacter_sp._Root170  coded_by=276924..279209,organism=Achromobacter sp. Root170,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrklwftliavvaitfallgfyggevyrqappipghvvtsdgralfgredildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardehgqayadlskpqqaalretlkaeyranrsdaatdtltitprrakaieqtaayydqlfsdapalqgsresfamkentlpdatrrqqlthfffwtawaaateregkpvtytnnwpheplignqpsaenvmwsiisvvvllagigflvwawaflrgqeedepqppardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkvgvdilfwalvlvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppelnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgyeawenwrlktraawmdnlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalnpglmklafwgmniglalmiftsllpvgliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdllktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvmqvilgllsskpalveprltpkaarg
>Hydrogenobaculum_sp._Y04AAS1  coded_by=307876..310122,organism=Hydrogenobaculum sp. Y04AAS1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
matsledvelkerkrwwllvwgtaitvvliflaftvyqiksvppipqqvqvqgtnntlytkddlikgkdyfqefvlmdngtilgngaytgpdytawmlhllvqsleniyanekyhapyaallkeqkvdvdylvkrdlremstlkspvttvtpeyakafeqakdtivnfivngnpryawlghvvpkdkaekivdfvnwttlsattdrpdsnitytnnwppepkiglgltfddiwtsliafmgtwvasivviflfyeyfeklenaakpvaaldiapltnmqkkvlkyvpivpvffflqcvfggylahlyadpthswlipqsllpfnvarqfhinlavlwiaigwltgglfiaplasgrkdfklpilvdilwlalvvvgvggligiylgtegylqndklwfwlgsqgreylelgriwatgvliglviwfvivlftirqakkitpslnvmmwsafaiaglyiaallpfthtihnytiddyfrwwvvhlwventfelfaagtlafitvelglvnqrfanavmffemfliigagtigtghhyywmgednfwimwgsilsslepvplvmlmveayreyhhiqnkdkfhfnmtfywlgmsaflnwfgagfygmfinepavnyfthgtyfvmahshvallgafgyiaiafiyfileyraaaegfvwdmklsklafwlitigiclytiptmvvgfhqfkesfdvgywyartrsvlepvhfwmwirilpdsmvlggafllmvdilyklfmpikkiekaa
>Haloterrigena_salina_JCM_13891  coded_by=416..3655,organism=Haloterrigena salina JCM 13891,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mgfsnllpdsgrlgtdsrreatdsvtdrlessaeavgelstrvrdaasrratdvaeravdellehvldrsaddllaaseldggngaaefgsddpldralenflrryglnedrldertldairtrlsvagtdadadaealleevlsdrsasgaesadgtdlptddplaeacsrlrarldgtaerpvdrlladllerdavvvgheleralaeelpalvadleaelaqtassgstpsrartldaglndglgegpagrgrsmsarsaitmavaattlcsdgdgvdpavgelatsllqvgdgdvlidrvltelvpllvrtgaerdlgldalrsnstgslalvglfvanlaamtlgayvsrerappipdeirgpngetvvtakqvrtgkkafqanglmnqgsilgngsyfgvdltadaleskaeymreyyarqrgsdsfaslpegnraaverrvkreldadapegdvarysaaegyahrrlreayvdryyggapergipqgyvdspeeaariadfacwtawmahtnrpdsdhsytndwpyvpatgnrptgqvvvwsaisvvlliagggfgvwayhsfdvaepttelvdvpspdsvsvtpaqyaaaryvpvagalfvaqalvgaylahyyvertgfygigealgidlvsllpfsvgrawhvnlgilwittlwlagglflpglfteqdppwqaegatallgvlvtatvgafagvwlgtrgyfgspgtsgddgdlwwwlgsegleylevgrvwklgllagfvawtglvlrgvrqldepatglghfvtyaggsiallfaasmlytpetnvavtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffvtavisaalvsmdliekadaerailfevfaimaagivgvshhywwvglpdiwvpigttfstlefvplvfvlyrslgeyrslrargeefpytlpllfilgssvwnfvgggvlgffvnlplinyyehgtyltvahahtatfgafgllalglgtyilrvvtpesawnpawfrgafwltnigltvmtvasllpvgflqlqasyqdgyaaarslefydrdhvqtllwartlgdtpmilgalaftaasirhlrdarkrrleaa
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._hominissuis_TH135  coded_by=3693989..3696316,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis TH135,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphmitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_abscessus_UC22  coded_by=3001133..3003457,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus UC22,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=4373..6697,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(665..2989),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=4378..6702,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=complement(5988..8312),organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=5860..8184,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=4376..6700,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=2090..4414,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Mycobacterium_abscessus  coded_by=9788..12112,organism=Mycobacterium abscessus,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapshsttgpsstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgffvmgilvyrtytasmplpvnvvnesgkvlftgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlstedvtaqwqaqgvadskqrvvaefrtnrynpetktlvftdkqgtafdrierhyaeffgenstkygllphmitsqddihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghnysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslilllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifgvvsvlflaqtlmggtvehyradlsafygfdlakllpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggifllpfisrreprrqswlvyallgalvlvvagslvcealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlprlwqilltvglflwifivwrgirsrlkndskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllagqdshfsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilyssggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshqtpfphrwavmylvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfafryaipsrkwpdkwarvsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitqpgnaliewlrlpgdvifilggvlpfvwiawtairnvhrapenneqhehplytelapaavgqeqg
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2525..4780,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflitppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(918296..920596),organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
malleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifaigalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0167R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0167R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfitpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0263R  coded_by=12152..14443,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0263R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfitpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0384R  coded_by=52443..54734,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0384R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfitpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0481R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0481R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfitpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1843R  coded_by=7450..9741,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1843R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfitpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET1842R  coded_by=12154..14445,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET1842R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfitpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Kingella_oralis_ATCC_51147  coded_by=149522..151768,organism=Kingella oralis ATCC 51147,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykklwymligvlavtftllgylgvevyrqsppfpekfvsadgkvlltkddifkgqsawqstggmelgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhreleawldltaqadfgkkyaeldkvqqetvrakmiqeyrfnsgvqedgsvklsdtrikaiesvapyyiglygdepslnksrehfamrtntlpdaearqkltnfffwtawtastnrpnteatytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsfasfvfllagigflvwgyhflrshddtpkapasdplakitltpsqkalwkyaaltvilfivqillgglvahytvegqtfygiemskilpyslartwhlqsalfwiatgfltaglfvapiinggkdpkfqalgvnllyvalfivvagsyagnfvslvlnkmsgstnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqvlltvgfllwlflmlrctvsafkqggdknllaifvasivgvgafyapglfygehspvpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafvfynlglvsyksataaslvagslflvggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpvmatgasfsalevvplvllgheayehwshqhaapwmqrlrwplmcftavafwnmlgagvfgflinppitlfflqglnttavhahgalfgvygflalgfvllvgcyikpnytynakymtigfwllngglglmivssllpigiiqgyasisqglwyarseafmqqdylvlfrwirtiadftfiggaclfawqvikmsisrdkaa
>Pyrobaculum_oguniense_TE7  coded_by=1600850..1603030,organism=Pyrobaculum oguniense TE7,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkngwtylvlaatvfvyvvylamavwtfhnlppipdrvetksgallftgqdviegkylvqkyglldygsflgfggyfgidyvaytmkfyadkvaqlsgltfspetapqikslltprfdappstlfaaqggrvvvsdefgkafeaavqfysdyfgpkaeevglkpnlitdqeqirkivafftwgvlislanytngfpylpgitqprldvttatwvtffilllvimptagyiiikfidywrdprislelpppsptqrlallgfvlavlglsvqgllggylmhkytepaqlygipgvnnwlpfnvaralhynlpilwmavtwvsfalfvlpylgvqlsrakvlailglgtfvalgillgiwasylqmipdpwwfiigsqgrpvvnqgtlwlllvaallaylsaavwkasrtspepiqplvkilsialagtafgtlmgalpvvspwyhftideyfrwilihsfvegfwpaivipillillviagmvpprlavaaagldasleiatgmigtahhyywggqptlwmylgavvstlevipigfliayalvlwrrgevktelqktlltfvlvaafggaigvvafgaglinmpvinywlhgsqgtmvhahlampmaygvptmlmwvvaftlagafsaaqlrrlrlavvvmaagfylqvllslmllmtnqfvaatsqgywamkalfapdgspgfwqrpdiktfvwlrmigdivaavgiavfliymlrglpkglkiq
>Eikenella_corrodens_ATCC_23834  coded_by=complement(109570..111825),organism=Eikenella corrodens ATCC 23834,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykklwlslivvltitfsilgylgvevyrqappfpeayvsadgktviskddvlagqsawqstggmelgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnisaqeqhgkmfdelnadqqaalkaalteeyrngsrvgadgkvvlsdtrikaieavapyyitlygndpsmektrehfamknntlpdetrrqrltnfffwtswaaatnrpnhdatytnnwpheplinnvpttenvmwsvasivfllagigllvwgwsflhkhesepqlpdtdpiskvqltpsqralgkyvfltvalfivqillggltahytvegqrffgiplsdwfpyalvrtwhlqsaifwiatgfltaglflapvvnggkdpkfqalgvnalfvalfivvggsyggnflalshampahlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkdknadknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapgllygehdsltvmdywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvalafifynlglvsrksatvaslvaaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplillgkeahehwayqhatpwmkrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpdyefeeklmsygfwmlnlglvgmiatsllpagviqiyaaihdglwmarsegfmqqdslvmlrwirtisdlvfiaggccvawqatkivfskgtgkkta
>Neisseria_subflava_NJ9703  coded_by=144818..147073,organism=Neisseria subflava NJ9703,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidtalgfemadwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiippelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgtdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Mycobacterium_colombiense_CECT_3035  coded_by=138806..141136,organism=Mycobacterium colombiense CECT 3035,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mtaqetsaqqsssqplvgkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgqditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatedvagqlraqgvtdprervvtefrtnrynpasktlvftdrqavafdhiqsqyaayfgenstkygllphmitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffavvsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliigmfvwiaiiwrgirgrlrgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipgfyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvippdkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvvpfvwialtallnfrsgttvdelpenplytqaptepepgaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_colombiense_CECT_3035  coded_by=138806..141136,organism=Mycobacterium colombiense CECT 3035,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mtaqetsaqqsssqplvgkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgqditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatedvagqlraqgvtdprervvtefrtnrynpasktlvftdrqavafdhiqsqyaayfgenstkygllphmitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffavvsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliigmfvwiaiiwrgirgrlrgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipgfyavgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvippdkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvvpfvwialtallnfrsgttvdelpenplytqaptepepgaavpakd
>Desulfomonile_tiedjei_DSM_6799  coded_by=2998431..3000707,organism=Desulfomonile tiedjei DSM 6799,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnmnalkwaailtfvislivlilggvftqgelppypgkvvgpngevlftkkdilagqdvfqqrglmdhgsvwghgsqrgpefsatslrlesevvrdyvskqdygkgyaelddlqkeivdlktvreirtnrydpatntltltesqvlalqkvvefwntmfekgevrygflpntisspqdrleigrfffwtawvastnrpgktysftnnwpadrtvgnvptaetylwslggilalfislgififmvhhygiwygpargvelgqrlidmpltssqrkaakfflvvillflmqtnfggllahytihpasfyfqfiadwipyswaktwhlqlavfwimttwiasaiyiapimggiepkkqgltvellfiavllvaggsligevagikgylgdmwfwfghqgweflelgrvwqlllffgliawliivyrpisnhirlkhrdeftsllifyvissvlivlffgfgllygkgthlsvadywrwfvihiwvesifeffgiavislllvslglasargalmvayftaaitflsgilgtahhffwfgqpsfwlavgsvfsslepiplfglvvrglleyrsitkegvdfpykwplyflvassfwnfmgaavfgflinlpvvnyfehgtyltmnhghaalfgvfgmlsialllfswrgmvdkahwndkilkvsfwgfngglglltfgtlfpvgilqtwtsysqalwvardasfferpfvqvvgtlrvipdliiilvgvvplfyflfttypylkavgikegesvwerlgmel
>Stenotrophomonas_acidaminiphila  coded_by=6067..8343,organism=Stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnstrklwvglaalliasfavllwvgsevhrqapplpekvvtedgrviftrkdietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaeavldiwarreagaesykqldaatqaayakrvqsllrpntydavdgaiivdndraaaiatvaahyeslfsadpatgelreayamrndtvpdaehrrqltafywwaawasvterpgsditytanwpadslvgntappstfiwtvfsvlfliagiallgwhyavnhgdemapvlpktdplaaikvtpsmratakyfwvvialfltqillgaitahyqvegqqaygfaiadvlpysltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyiapaisghepkfqrlgvnflwiclivivvgsfagqwfavmqklglkhnfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfiglvlwltlvgralwpairnggesksivsllflsvvaiglfyaaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgmlqvksatvavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptavialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayhnyrmgkatpwmakykwpilffiavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltpthghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpdvvwnekllkasfwalnlglagmaaftllplgilqlsaalkhgywyarsaefmqqpivdmlvwmrvpadtlfsvgalalawfvfrlwvaprkaaalpvgeadqa
>Halomonas_sp._BC04  coded_by=complement(19730..21076),organism=Halomonas sp. BC04,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyetqkvalpffmvamalfalqivfgllaaaayvwphfmseampfnitrtshtnllivwlligfmgctyylmpeeaeneiyspnlayfqlalfaiagagalisyqfgihegrhyleqplwakvvitvsfliflfntsltmlkgrrtainmvlmlglwlaaifwlfafynpdnlaldklwwwwivhiwvegvwelimasllgyllikmtgvdreviekwlyvivglalfsgllgtghhyywigtpaywqpigsifstlevipffamvvfafymfwkgsrnhpnkaamlwtlgsaavaffgagvwgfmhtlswinyythgtqitaahghlafygayvmlvlgvityampqlrrvqpynqvlnmwafwimtsamwfmtftltfagvvqthlqrvlgmnfmqiqeqlelfyimrfgtgifvgiaalmfiyavfapareqvpatsrpltane
>Lactobacillus_curieae  coded_by=complement(56605..58956),organism=Lactobacillus curieae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mntgynykrltkvliitlvaafsiliaggfmifkneaprpskivdqngteliskhsllsgqavyekygladygtylgngsylgpdytaqslhvylkgmdqyyaqkmhnknfsdlndfqqggikakvkkeikvnryskanqtltltnaqaaglkslqsyyrkefinnpeqaglpasminqkktdafmykgnkvdqltsfffwgawlsstnrpgrdftytnnwpydldagnvmpaeamvwtaisvalltvgvgviiyfqrryqfdmksrylpeepvnidpdvpitssqrktakyfvivmlmfllqilmgelmahyyvensffgiplqniwpfnvakawhlqlvifwvattwlatgiyivprvlrrepkhqgklvdllfwgliiciggsmlgewgstlgilnknwwlfgnfgweylelgkfwqivfilamvlwviilmrgfipamkrklqydrtrlttllfcgaiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligwlmvdmklttvrstvralyfqvilllgsgvvgmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsaleivplcllvweaythyrvykdtktefpykgtfiflmwtgiwnavgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahasmagvygmfsiaimlyalrnvtkkslwtpkmdkavkwaawltniglagmvfitlmpvgqiqlidalkhgywharllsfyheplvsgflwarmapdlvftagvvillvivvkcffnlkkddnqaaevalnkmaeeearedaakank
>Brachybacterium_sp._SW0106-09  coded_by=104605..107043,organism=Brachybacterium sp. SW0106-09,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
msvtdkdsparsrseislskgwvqgvalvlifgfmvmgvlayrtytdsmplpervvsesgeeiftqeditrgqniflarglqqygsvmghgaylgpdytaeylrlssehiaeqltsqgvqdpsvatsqmqrtnryeeatgtlvftdeqisafeaiqehyaeffgdpttanglvpeaitapedihdltafyawtawasaaerpglgysytnnwpaeprvdnhptadilvwsaislvallvglgllfavygrwsstlgwkgndttalrflqpgtvgitkaqkstawfflvvallfliqatvgasvehyrveiqgffgvdlaqifpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaasflaaaiflapiisgrepkgqhylsygllgalalvvvgmfggtaisiygpewaegspfftqqweyldlprmfqilltiglglwfliivrairsrlrteskfnmpwlfmyaalaipafyavgllatneshltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrrriaiqiilldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgavfsalevipltfltveawtflqlgarqesrttapfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlavglalfalryiirpekwpdrlaklsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlwasvsegyvearslayltqtenlvlewmrlpgdvlfivggilpfvyitwlgvrhairatvtqmepetlfvqetpearedrtgvrapvsgstaagrsenaastrfasdrrrdeaagedplp
>Geitlerinema_sp._PCC_7407  coded_by=647007..649310,organism=Geitlerinema sp. PCC 7407,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
manstlgiatpaspsrrslslpawlvlvcvitftvligagaaiwknappipatvqssqqeivlraediergqvtylgrggqhigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlyandthfsqadlealpaperaklqaevsqefkinrydantraltltaaqtrglqqvfedyqvllahgsrihsipdgwftdnqqihdvtaffswtawaaaanrpnapfsytanwphddlignqppgqflvwsivsvivliaaialflfvyleqessdevqtvplqpalrlatpsqkvsslffgvamalflvqiimgmvtahyavegdsfygvpiqqfmpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfgprfgkqepkgqawgnggllialtvvvvgsligswasvqgfltgdasflfghqgyeyvelgrlwqvlliggmvfwlwlmyralqpalktdgnrtglnhfflysaitiplfyaaglmytnhthlsvaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvtiaylcselgflkkssalratyltailylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpsfiaamgavasalevvpltligfevvktlrlsqeaegfyrwplrfflatcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahsalfgvygslalalmlfalreivperawnekllrfsfwslngglvimmvfglipngfyqlvqsvnhgtwyarsaevvgspwmqwtvwlripgdivfslgaiaivlftvqaiaallrqptqtepktmtsskv
>Leptospira_sp._B5-022  coded_by=47976..49346,organism=Leptospira sp. B5-022,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mkyksqkiaywffatcmlllslqivygfvmgfarmgfdvlhdwipfnaarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaahyiipdesdreiysvklayiqlisliivgvvsiigfhlnfwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvllflfnigmtvwkgkrytttslvlyfglfsaallylpgmiqfnsqtldsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvpeywkwvggffsmleplaflamamfaismyrksgrnhpntialfwtigsavmsfvgagflgfahtlpqvnlythgtlitamhghlafwgayamivfailtyamplltgrklwnnptglfafwasnigmlgmtgafavagiaqvylerklgldfltvqkeiqvhflglvlaalvftsgiiafiinfvrfgtptdealgaeqasgeislarrs
>Thauera_sp._28  coded_by=56782..58161,organism=Thauera sp. 28,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqyksqavampyfiaaiglfvgqiifglilgmqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeetetelyspklalilfwvflvagaatilgyllvdyatlasmtgndllatmgrefleqplltkigivvvalaflfnitmtvlkgrktvisivlllglwglaifflfafynpvnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalctgiigtghhyfwigtpeywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyfthgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvitiisyampilrgraansekaqvvemwsfwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrisdtpmsfmatqdqlmlfywmrewagvmffiglltylasffikgeaktaka
>Tannerella_sp._oral_taxon_BU063_isolate_Cell_8/11  coded_by=7843..10029,organism=Tannerella sp. oral taxon BU063 isolate Cell 8/11,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mliifgveiyrtappfptkivvsdgevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhretemllgllaqkdgktykdlpedeqakylvqlrkelrtntydaasgvitfsperaqvaraladyytklfmddpsmdhvrksyaipkgaikdparmaqmnafftwttwvcstnrpgsdvtytnnwpyepvignkpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkekeendrlpasdpmrglkptpsmratlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffglpldlilpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgqepkyqrlgvnvlfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqalllvglflwlflmvrallpalrrrdesrhllvlfvlasiaiagfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasvsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyslsrstpwikaykwpiyyfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrewndkllgwsfwlinigllvmlvgsllpigilqavesiqngywsarsmefmqtdtmqairwlrvpgdsllaigelllvyfiiglhtgwslkgkr
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi  coded_by=complement(87010..88356),organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyesqkvamlyfygalvlfiaqvafgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavvgylfhihegrefleqpfiikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipelrgrapynqmlsmvsfwamctamsvmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvlgesfmvvqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisafmfiwavlvpgkerrentsgfvqpae
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi  coded_by=6112..7458,organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi,definition=NorB nitric oxide reductase
mkyesqkvamlyfygalvlfiaqvafgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavvgylfhihegrefleqpfiikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipelrgrapynqmlsmvsfwamctamsvmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvlgesfmvvqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisafmfiwavlvpgkerrentsgfvqpae
>Alcaligenes_faecalis  coded_by=2977..4323,organism=Alcaligenes faecalis,definition=Alcaligenes faecalis dnr, orf2, orf3, norE, norF, norC, norB, norQ, norD genes, partial and complete cds
mkyesqkvamlyfygalvlfiaqvafgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmihtnalvvwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavvgylfhihegrefleqpfiikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftfvmtwkagrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipelrgrapynqmlsmvsfwamctamsvmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvlgesfmvvqdqlalfywirlgsgvvvvisafmfiwavlvpgkerrentsgfvqpae
>Mycobacterium_heckeshornense  coded_by=1146..3479,organism=Mycobacterium heckeshornense,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mavqatpsrpsdeatpqpligkgwvqgvalvmvfgflvlgilvyrtytasmplpdkvvtqsgrllfskdditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmatddvanqwraqgvtdprdrvvaefranrynpdsntlvftdqqaqafddiqrhyaayfgdnttkyglrprmitnqaeihdltsffawtawasaaqrpghnysytnnwppekrvdngptaqvvvwsalslvallggigilfavygrwsqqvgwhgeqastlsfrepgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtlvgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhvqlalfwtavaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqswlvygllgavaivvfgslisealsiygvipkgslfsqqweyldlprvwqmlliigmflwiaiiwrgmrarlrgesklnmpwlfffaglaipvfyaigllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaalmgvygmlavglamfafryvipaekwpekwarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndsyfdarslgyitrpgnsllewlrlpgdvifiaggvlpfiyialtalrhfhsgsaaqelpdhplytetarvdepsapake
>Haloarcula_sinaiiensis_ATCC_33800  coded_by=54880..57162,organism=Haloarcula sinaiiensis ATCC 33800,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mklkrktiakviaaafvfnlivmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgedirdgkkafqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteyeslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyahqqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsislpepsasdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyidillgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwlignegleylevgkvwqvglllgfglwavlsvrglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlraseddptvedmavaegvmgdd
>Porphyromonas_sp._oral_taxon_278_str._W7784  coded_by=3528..5774,organism=Porphyromonas sp. oral taxon 278 str. W7784,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtpkklwyalatvillsfavlgffgleifrtmppfpervvttdgttlfegqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsvwghgayiapdwsadylhreaelllkklaerdglnyaqlpaaeqakyqtllreelrkntfdektgiitysqlrgevarelgayyaqlflgdpspefaklrsayalreksledphkmaqmsaffawaswvcvtdrpgsdvsytnnwphdptignvaptslhlwsgfsvlmllfcvgilvyyyaqskedepgvlptsdplrgmkptpsmrattkyiwivsililvqmvlgaitahygvegdalfglpiqdflpqavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgvepkyqrlgvnvlfgalifvvagslvgqwlgvmqklglienfwlghqgyeyvelgrlwqilllvglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdenrhlltlfiiaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfcrlgllriqsatvsvlfstiiflsggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligmeayhnyrlskatdwieaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyylqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfclrglypdykwndkligtafwminiglflmvtvsvlpigilqahesitnaywsarsaefmqqehmqlirwmrmpgdlilgvgelllvvfifglqfgwsrkgtr
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_F113  coded_by=4443914..4445341,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens F113,definition=NorB1
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalllfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrhhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmadgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(1683152..1684471),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=NorB
malayfsvamalfaiqvfggllagwiyvspntlsevlpfnvvrmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaerelfstklaylqlgilvigtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrrtaitnillmglwllsllwifafinpdnlgldkmywwfivhlwvegtwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpaywqwigsifstmevipffammsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmlrgrapynqwlnmtafwlmtggmsfmtfvltfagtiqvhlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlglfyamrfgagamvvagallfiyslavvrggapvgngvgeaa
>Parvibaculum_lavamentivorans_DS-1  coded_by=1097426..1099735,organism=Parvibaculum lavamentivorans DS-1,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
msstkrlwtllgvllvvsfsvllwsgtqiyeksppmpdnvvasdgsliysraeiekgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreltamldawaradfgaddfaslneeqksalqgrlrgqvrantfdpetrtitlsperaaairevsshyeslfgddpataelreayamkngtvpdaehrrvlsaffwwtswatvthrpndtitytnnwpseplvdnrpppstflwsafsvlfllagiallgwhyavtherdesyrmpefdpmrslkatpsmlatakyfwvllalflvqillgamtahyqiegqlvygyemaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiavawlgtglyigpaisgyeppfqrlgvnvlwvcllvivvgsfagqwfavmqilgldnnfwfghqgweyadmgrfwqwflfiglmlwlvlvgralwptlmqksesrsivgllflstvaiglffaaalmwgehthlsmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgllqvgtatvavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyfagsptpvlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayhtwrlsgatswmrryrwpvmfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglvlfclrgmkpnlawhegllktsfwclniglalmalltllplgvlqlfaslehgyayarsaefmqqplvdllvwmrvpgdtifsigalalavfvaglwlfpkpegqeavpetprtkvkaepaggae
>Pseudoxanthomonas_suwonensis_11-1  coded_by=complement(391183..393480),organism=Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis 11-1,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mdstrklwaglavllfasfaallwvgseihrqappmpeqvvttdgtvvytradietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaeaildawaarehgvdsyrqldeptqaayakrvqallrpntwdagtatitlhaeraaamakvsahyeslfsndpataelreayamrndtvpgaehrrqlaafywwaawasvterpgseisytanwphdelvgntppsnlliwtvfsvlfliagvgllgwhyatshgeemqpvlpksdplalikvtpsmratakyfwvvialflvqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalseilpysltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyiapaisgyepkfqrlgvnllwtcllvivvgsfagqwmavmqklglahnfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfvglllwltlvgralwpamrkgaesrsivgllflsvvaigvfysaglmwgehshlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgllqvrsatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptaviglgasfsalevvplayvgfeawhnyrlgkatpwmarykwpimfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplplyymqglnltanhghtamfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpdlqwserllktsfwslniglagmslftllplgilqldaaiehgywfarsaefmqqpivdllvwmrvpadtlfsvgavslawfvfrlwvapkrgapvssattvaaaaivprr
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root329  coded_by=264055..265482,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root329,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgtvvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeagdersqtleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqvdgvalpfmatvehlqvlfwarfgaglgflagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Mycobacterium_heraklionense  coded_by=complement(209501..211822),organism=Mycobacterium heraklionense,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtqvgtpagksgraealigkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtytasmpmpdrvvtesgqelfsgaditrgqqlyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlatedvadqfkaqgvanphddvvaefrtnrynadtktlvftdkqvrafndiekhyadyfgeastkygllphmitdpgeirdltsffawtawaaaadrpghnysytnnwpseprvdngptgsvvvwsvlslimllggigvmftvygrwsqnigwhgtemtklefrqpgevpltrsqraaiwifavvavlflaqvllggavehyradlsefygidlakilpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfitrrepskqsvlvygllgalavvvfgsltfealsifgvikpgtvfsqqwefldlprlfqvllivglflwiviiwrgmraklattskmnlpwmffftglaiptfyaasllagseahfsvadfwrfwmvhlwvedflelfttamvaymfvqlgvvrervallvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmamgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqeaggennfparwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhahaamfgvygmlavalamfafryvipaekwpnklarisfwsmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlfhsvnagyfearslgyitkpgnallewmrlpgdailivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgetvdelpehplytevaadsaaaskd
>Desulfitobacterium_metallireducens_DSM_15288  coded_by=18069..19532,organism=Desulfitobacterium metallireducens DSM 15288,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mklnqtvlgfiiskilkktrqndedqkarvekengkkrggqalsrrfaflacalfvvqgfvailgatslvvpdlpspvpyeygrsvhlglatcwpligamgmvyfftvdelkadlyslkivrwqfwivvlstagllgtltfrigngrefldglpmfyagislaillcaynliqtlkkskqhitpasaimtggmvflglllipnvlnytnpivdeavkywvvhlweemafelitsgfiasffiasglvekkdmekwlyleaslavsgglfgtghhyywigypaiwliigvvfsliqmipvillahltykglkrhrplkrvekltlwmilssllyhltgasmlgmlmtipwvnlythgtyitsghahlalfgvmgflvlagshailsrgtvlsrksyiwavagvlflnlgvitmsssllvagflqsylwrylgmdftqvqglispyllarvaggsfytvgsilfgwrivnvwwltredgkiseevskri
>Desulfitobacterium_metallireducens_DSM_15288  coded_by=complement(1751247..1752710),organism=Desulfitobacterium metallireducens DSM 15288,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mklnqtvlgfiiskilkktrqndedqkarvekengkkrggqalsrrfaflacalfvvqgfvailgatslvvpdlpspvpyeygrsvhlglatcwpligamgmvyfftvdelkadlyslkivrwqfwivvlstagllgtltfrigngrefldglpmfyagislaillcaynliqtlkkskqhitpasaimtggmvflglllipnvlnytnpivdeavkywvvhlweemafelitsgfiasffiasglvekkdmekwlyleaslavsgglfgtghhyywigypaiwliigvvfsliqmipvillahltykglkrhrplkrvekltlwmilssllyhltgasmlgmlmtipwvnlythgtyitsghahlalfgvmgflvlagshailsrgtvlsrksyiwavagvlflnlgvitmsssllvagflqsylwrylgmdftqvqglispyllarvaggsfytvgsilfgwrivnvwwltredgkiseevskri
>Bacillus_azotoformans_LMG_9581  coded_by=complement(10378..12741),organism=Bacillus azotoformans LMG 9581,definition=nitric-oxide reductase qNorB
mgvrkldtdsaskptsknalmksilvftllisftvllvggygifkgnaprpteitspsgdvvitkasimggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaqalkvytegmqdfraeekfgapykelsadeqaaikdqvikemrenrydaesdtlpltdaqvygleqvrayyqdvftngdnwglkpglikeehmpatdrayvaegdqitqisdfffwtawlsstlrqgdeitytnnwpyyedagntlglsavwwsgvsvtllilfigiilfvfyryhldmhpayedgkfpkidlrkqpvtnsqvkvgkyfavvavlffvqsmfgallahyyiepdsffgitwihdilpfsitkgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmglyiaplvgghepkkqgllvdvlfwalvvlvfgsmigewlgangklgnlwfllghngweyielgriwqliliagmgiwlflvfrgikaglkretdkgglihllfysaiavpafyvfallinpdthftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlglvtknstikalyfqitlllgsgvigighhfyyngsaevwialgavfsalevipltllileayehykivkdggidfpykstfwflisvgiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgsmmgvygffalavlvfslrnivkpekwddkiikiscwlmniglagmiaisllpvgwlqlkeafmkgywvsrspeflqqdvvvnlitiraipdtifligvllimyvavkaifnlrkpthqegeplpvkdlaided
>Rhodococcus_equi_103S  coded_by=350564..352897,organism=Rhodococcus equi 103S,definition=nitric-oxide reductase large subunit
mahntverageeppsrrspmkisktwaqavalvmifgffvlgflayrtysdsmpkpvrvvdssgevvfdgnditagqelflkrglmqygsivghggylgpdytadylrrsastvredlmregvpdpnaamleefrtnrydentgvlvltdrqvkafgevqkhyatffgpdadrngllpdaitdpgeirqltsffawtawaaaaerpgvdysytnnwppeplvdnkptadtvvwsvlsliallggtgvlfavygrwsqkigwrsidaptisfrqpgevritpaqracawfflviallflgqtlvggatahyrsdilsfygfdlaqylpfnlartwhvqlsilwpaagflaagiflapfisgrepknqhllvygllgavglvvagsmtgealsiygvewsvgapfidqqweyidlprvwqillviglfiwiaiiyrgirarlkgesrgnmpwlffysalaipafyavgllastethlsvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvmlgvvrerialgiifldiilysaggvigtmhhvyfsgtpvehmalgsffsalevipltfltveawsflqlgarqqsrsarpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyfeigtgltanhahgammgvygnlavglslfalrylipperwpdklarlsfwclnlglawmvfasllplgvvqlyesvangyfearslgeltqpgnlllewmrlpgdlvfiiggvlpflwicwlgvrykikatthehpqdvlfvevqpadgerep
>Shewanella_sp._ANA-3  coded_by=complement(980576..982861),organism=Shewanella sp. ANA-3,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mskqkltafallivliasftvllsigseiyrekppiptaftdvngqlvfnendieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaeawldiraeqqyqtpfaqlnsqqkagleqalredlrhnsvepqadgtvlirlsntrieainkveqhylslfgsdpelsslreqyamkegtvpdlarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdapytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggliwhhasgkheslpkpseqdplfvtkptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefyglpiseilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkyqrlgvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqilllvglliwlalvtaaikpalkvqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhanlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsangavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkasgwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagmlgflinppislyyiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgnmqwndkmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywfarspevihsplveklvwmrmfgdvifsiggllmgaflldlirktlnkpakvqqevlqtnh
>Acetobacter_aceti_1023  coded_by=72289..74613,organism=Acetobacter aceti 1023,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msktalvnradrdpvstvlkwvllvvgfatamllfwttlrtyqgvppqpqrfvsrsgdvimtaddiiagkggfqkadlmdygslygmgsyygedytasllknialstrenyahdvgertfshlspekqtvatthmredlrgidltqdtvvlpdavshafvkirdetaasflrtdrssgwnatqaltpalalktadflmysalttvahrpgktyswtqnwpyeplvgntptgatfiwtwasfgfvflafgvvlfiyeywlddadtslrecilvparpltssqrkiwkyfllvsaliliqilvgsimahmyydrssfygfdvnryipfsfmrdvhiqapivwiglswigaalflspviaggeeargqgwlvdalfwvtafvvvgglvgdylgimgvidtnwfwfgnqglsyiqlgrfwqigffaglivwsalvmralwptvpgwidaardfwtgrirlehliwastvniallyvcgmvpltgieksftladfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaatmtawtlmatglvsrklaergmyfevilvflggvigtghhlywagepsiwipfgtmfsfievlplvllimegihhyrlinahgdfqyrvgymyiigaafwnfvgagvygggilnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahaslfgafgelaigliyfclryihagektfserpgilafwlynaglilwtvlnffpvgwsqllavyehgyayarsaafydttlfwqwmrlpgdvvfaggalvmsgdfiiklyplyplwtqrlfrsvsldtkkd
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae  coded_by=10643..12886,organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfadlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredeqdppipevdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemqqktpwmerlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffkpkkta
>Zobellia_galactanivorans  coded_by=complement(5028468..5030696),organism=Zobellia galactanivorans,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mkkvwiafasvvilsfivliwvgtevyqkqppipelvrvkdtgetvytkediqtgqnvwesiggmevgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwihkeavflleywseadfnrpynsldvenkaaikarlikdiktntfdetnktltiskerwaaikanvehytsifsegkeeyaipkgaltdpvkleqlnaflfwtswaattnrpgkdytytsnwpheplidnlitkgslvwsglsivllllfigiltyyylrnhekgeiitkpdsdpltgmrmfpsqkavlkyfivvsllialqvvlgiltvhytvegqaffgfdlanylpysitrtwhtqlavfwiaatwlatglflapmisgkemkyqvfginflfiallvivlgsmlgewlgvhqfldlttnfffghqgyeymdlgrfwqiflgiglvlwvimvsrhivyairkndaskhlliilllsvmaigmfffsglmygensslpvinywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatvviafifskmkiisaktagrvsvasasiflaggiigtlhhlyysgtpiqaialgatfsalevvpltlmgfeirenwnilksrswmqrykwpifffiavafwnfigagvfgflinppialyyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygmlgmgfiliclrfysdraweskkltrafwllniglvamvlfsllpigiiqaytsitegysfardsellysptvqtlkwlrmigdiifsggifyfcwftisetlysfrrklkre
>Haemophilus_sp._C1  coded_by=12653..14893,organism=Haemophilus sp. C1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefsknfadlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpttkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepatpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslirtwhiqsalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilywalvvlvigsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Propionibacterium_acnes_PRP-38  coded_by=complement(313110..315443),organism=Propionibacterium acnes PRP-38,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtaweaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL097PA1  coded_by=12710..15043,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL097PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtaweaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Sulfolobus_islandicus_HVE10/4  coded_by=complement(810844..812964),organism=Sulfolobus islandicus HVE10/4,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
makriwgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyialagytlthlppvpsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqtadpptikvdglayssitdsetskwivtndyvkayntlynelynilynnssnyglkpnfvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpympqqtqpsvnvslstwimviillavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagvqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflsfnvtralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgilfsynqlipspywfifgaqgkpndvdqgtfwlllvalifflasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigvifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlvppglatmaasidsvseilsgmigtahhyyfggeplfwmylgasasilevipilfltyyaillgrrgeiktefqktlvtttlisaigggfvgaiiggasilnapminyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsggikenelktlrimiliyaigfimqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfyllsipdliawlrmigdvvagfaaaviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_03-10  coded_by=3479..5011,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_03-10,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Acidovorax_sp._Root275  coded_by=643786..646071,organism=Acidovorax sp. Root275,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgnyrklwftligvlivtfsllgyygaevyrtappipakiataggevlfthdsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellnwldvaaerahgkpfaeldaaaqavlrdrmkteyrtntyspetgvatvssvradaiamtalyydqlfsdvpalhktrehfamkentlpsaerraqmtgfffwtawaaaterpgttatytnnwpheplignkptaenmvwsvmsvvvmmagvgflvwgwsflrkhdeveptppqhdplsrvpltpsqrglgkylflivalfsfqvllggftahytvegqqfyginvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpayqklgvdilfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgiafwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplvvlgheawehwrlqhrtpwmarlrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlvfserlmktgfwwlnaglvlmiatslfpialfqfhasvseglwyargeefmqqpfiqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalamawqvvsgvfgsrapaatagvylaesrr
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_MRGR3  coded_by=complement(34926..37211),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus MRGR3,definition=hypothetical protein
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_122051  coded_by=12077..14362,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 122051,definition=hypothetical protein
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(378944..381229),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=243519..245804,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(45145..47430),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=211048..213333,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=197938..200223,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=2555298..2557583,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=850954..853239,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=7..2292,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(1999594..2001879),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(998763..1001048),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus  coded_by=250816..253101,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus  coded_by=251036..253321,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Gallionella_capsiferriformans_ES-2  coded_by=complement(2665648..2667087),organism=Gallionella capsiferriformans ES-2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mstlgtldsanlnggqklavkyfavavvlfgaqilfgllsglqylipdflygvldfsvnrmvhinamvvwmlfgfigsvywlleeesgipivglklgnivfwiftlavvvvvavyllvqvgpgdqstiwlinegreyieaprwadigivvcvmavffnvaatfakgkwtgiggvltldmialfaiymagmfytanisvdqywwwwvihlwveatwevmvgcimayglmivlgtprkivetwlyievalmfgsgilgighhyfwigtpeywlsiggffsalepvplvamvvhavfdsgvnkmrnnnhpamgwlitqafgnffgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwsashghlaffgayatiniaffyivaqkwrgnvwmssdmkgnwkwkwalvllnlgmlgmtmgmlvsgyeqsqieraiegstwagyfaaqahpwfiqgmvwreifgvmfaagygiliwdlltigkretrpaqvllph
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NAU35A-3  coded_by=complement(3700426..3702714),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NAU35A-3,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremrpnrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapaqpderavgqaaqrt
>Pseudomonas_frederiksbergensis  coded_by=complement(180731..182158),organism=Pseudomonas frederiksbergensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalllfwvfaaagvatilgylavpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtmlkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmedgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcyllsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Sphingobium_yanoikuyae_ATCC_51230  coded_by=complement(15531..17798),organism=Sphingobium yanoikuyae ATCC 51230,definition=hypothetical protein
mdrtrqlwiwllsllavsfavlllvgrdisiqapplpakvvtangetvftraemqrgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhreslalldlwaqrdlggafeslneehkallqrrlqtemrrntfeastdtitisndravaiervakhyvnlfgndpataelrenyamkndtvpdaghraamtsffwwtawaatterqgrtttytnnwpseplvgnrppsstfiwsafsvtfllagiallgwhhavthgrrekehdlpakdplreiavtpsmratakyfwvvlalflaqimlgamtahyqvegqlvygyeaaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglyiapaisgheprfqalganilwaclliivvgsfagqwlavmqklglernfwfghqgweyvdmgrfwqwflfiglmlwlvlvgralwpalkeksesrhitmlfflsavaiglfygaglfwrehtalsmieywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlgliptptatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfagtsiavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayehwklssatpwmqrykwpvmfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgvglvlfclrgmlpnliwnegvlktsfwcfniglalmalltllplgtlqltaaidkgywyarsaefmqqpvvdllvwlrvpgdivfsagavalawfvaslwlrprsddseaqiaq
>Alkalilimnicola_ehrlichii_MLHE-1  coded_by=2403408..2404751,organism=Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii MLHE-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyetqrvaypfflvamalfalqitfgilagtvyvlpnflaeampfhiirtshtnllivwlligffgctyylipeetehelyspklayiqlgifafagaaalvgyqfgihegrhyleqpfwvkslltlsflmflfnttmtlikgrrtavslvlmlglwlaaifwmfafynpsnlaldklywwwivhiwvegvwelimaallgyllikltgvdreiiekwlyvivglslfsgllgtghhyywigtpgywqpigsifstlevipffamvvfafymfwkgsrnhpnkaamlwtlgcaviaffgagvwgfmhtlsfinyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvmlvlalisyampqmrrvqpynqvmnmwsfwimtsamcfmtftltfagvvqthlqrvlgmnfmevqgqldmfyvmrlgagvavavglvlflwsiygrtreqvpqtanvpgta
>Rubellimicrobium_mesophilum_DSM_19309  coded_by=complement(146608..147951),organism=Rubellimicrobium mesophilum DSM 19309,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqrvalgyfavalslfavqvlagllagwiyispntlsvilpfnivrmihtnalvvwilmgffgaayylvpeeaehelyseklawaqliiltvgalgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkvgilvgaliflfnitmtslagrktaitnilllglwllsllwvfafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailgflmlkltgvdreviekwlyviistalfsgilgtghhyfwigapgywqwvgsifstfevvpffgmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvcinlavmtyalpllrnrepynqalniasfwlmtsgvafmtfvltfagtvqthlqrvmgmyymdvqdqlwlfyamrfgagfavvlgailfiyssavirrdrpaaqaalqpge
>Cystobacter_fuscus_DSM_2262  coded_by=20322..22658,organism=Cystobacter fuscus DSM 2262,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mplrreseqahaqtqraspnpqllvskawiqwaalvvltgffvlgllayrtyvagppiparvvaeegsfvfsgeevkqgqriflrtglmefgsvfghgaylgpdftadylrrsalhvtetyerqgernvparvvadfktnrydpgsgtlrytaaqaqafadaerhyaeffarpatetgvnlkglsgaadihaltsffawtawaasaerpgksysytnnwppeprvrnqptaaaivssmlslaallggsgllfaafgrwdflgwhrrdqtglifkrpsevqltpaqracawfflvmgllflvqvlvggvsqhyradlssffgvdisallpyhlartwhvqlsilwvatsflaagiflapliagheprnqhllahgllgalvlvvvgslggelsgihgwttsiwfgnqgfeyldlgrfwqvllslglfawvailfrglrhrlrgehkgnmpwlfffaalaipafyavgllahpsghftttdfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayffvllgvveertalrliyldvilysaggvigsmhhvyfsgepvehmalgavfsaaevipltfltleawtflrigegqkasathpfphrwammflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhghasmmgvygmlaaglslfglrylipeerwseraarlcfwslnlglgwmvfvallplgllqlfesvnhgyyearelsflthptnrflewlrlpgdavfitlgvlpllwlcwlgvryrrpgavlastgtgtlftesrqvepevrp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR6137  coded_by=14773..17094,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR6137,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhsllrkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_849_str._F0330  coded_by=complement(13760..16102),organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 849 str. F0330,definition=hypothetical protein
mssaatvegatsrrarligkgwiqgvalvmlfgftvmgllayrtytnsmpqpervvtesgetlfttqditegqklfqarglmeygsilghggylgpdftaeylrmeatsvkeqlasqgvddpaaatkemlrtnrydpstgtlvwtdeqvkayndavghytkmfgpdahshglkpdlitdpaqvkqvtaffgwtawgssaqrpghdysytnnwppeslvgnaptgdlmiwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsqkigwhseeapalsfrqpeeigltksqrvvawyvftiaalflvqtllgalaehyradvlsffgfdlgrllpfslartwhvqlslfwtaigllaaglfltpfiarreprkqhvlvwalfiaatvvvvlsclaegasqhglswakgplfsqqweyldlpfvfqvlltlalfvwvfiiwramrqrlsnehvanmpwlfmfaalaipafyavgmmartgthvtvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrerialgiifmdiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlganrhgkeagpfphrwavmflmavgfwnflgagvfgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahasmmgvygfmalalgmfalrylvpadkwpeklartsfwslniglawmcfatllplgilqlrysvgtgyfearqltyvtnsvntiiewgrmpgdlifiiggvlpylyiaflglrnwrrgrtvdaftenalyeeikggrkawrgeraelnd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=813139..815457,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghydtdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgiiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026b  coded_by=complement(995122..997440),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026b,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghydtdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgiiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Leaf396  coded_by=complement(84858..86204),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Leaf396,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfglvagtiyvlpntlstllpfnvvrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakvqfwmffgaagvavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpinlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipqikgrapynqwlsmasfwimctammvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgqgymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrvkqpvitgalqpae
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_PB08298010  coded_by=complement(2544412..2546700),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei PB08298010,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvisengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Staphylococcus_aureus_M0408  coded_by=complement(398392..400683),organism=Staphylococcus aureus M0408,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlitkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._hominissuis_3388  coded_by=27776..30019,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis 3388,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmsesgaaaakd
>Campylobacter_concisus_13826  coded_by=517159..519390,organism=Campylobacter concisus 13826,definition=nitric oxide reductase, monomeric type
mreykrywlafvavlvvcfsilgyygvevyrnsppvvnftdengkvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafleikadeiyhlkyadlkdeqkanlkvllkkeyrensvkddkfvlsadrlkaisqvaseyaalfgddpkfkslreayamkentlpgasdradlnnfffwsawatatnrpgseatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiasvvilltgvgllvwfssfygkkddeklepisedplkklnltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfafqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallflvvgsfvgeylaianimpinlsfwlghqgyeyidlgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfaggfknkgdknllaifamsavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslfmiggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimaigasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyklqfaqswaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhahtalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdenlmkvgfwglnaglmlmivlsllpigiyqafasleqgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwlrmlgdtiliiggicffaqllkfmlnkka
>Austwickia_chelonae_NBRC_105200  coded_by=complement(434025..436370),organism=Austwickia chelonae NBRC 105200,definition=hypothetical protein
mvvlgsfavllwmgtqinaakpplptrvvtqegrtlfekddiikgqqiwqslggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatgmldtwakdegaasyadlpaakqgalkarlkealrtntyqadagtitlsperiaaleantrhysaifadghepyaiprgtlpdpesarkmsaffwwtswaastnapdktatytqnwpheplidnvpptdnimwsllsivllllgisgmvyyhgahfhedeeevhdrvpdhdpllgyqptpsqratlkyffavgllfmlqigcgiisahygveggalfgipidkvlpyavvrtwhtqlgilwiatawlatglyiapavggkepayqklgvdilfvalllvtfgsmigewlsimgklgygselsfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrafqiglfiglflwfalmfravypalrrssaegtlhatpeaplaggsqrslvimllvscfaiasfygaafgmrrsshlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfvrlgllrtaaattatlastviflfggiigtahhlyfsgsptvvlalgacfsalevvplaligfeafrhlallkvrdwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppialfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpgrewndrwikigfwclnggllamalvsllplglaqawasvehglwyarsdtflytpvltfirwlrvpgdvifsigaaaigvfmvglltghslkdgrervvpgtsvatdtartgeepdrraaerqe
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=complement(2670005..2671408),organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyasqavakpyfaiamllfvgqiifglilgtqyiigdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfafmgatyylvpeesqtelwspklgywlcgifavagvltilgyllvpystlaeitgnkyfptmgrefleqptitkigialvvvgfvfnilmtvlkgrktvvnmvlitgliglgvfwmfafynpmslvmdkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelilgailafilikttgvdrevvekwlyliiamalisgilgtghhyffigapdywlwigsifsaieplpfflmvlfafsmlkqrrrehpnkaavtwavgctimaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlaffgayamiamaiisyawpklhgreanspraqaveiascwvmsismlaitllltwagwiqielqrlpddagalgymqtqdaimhvywmrlaagvgfavglgmylysflvarstreaspvlmaaa
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=complement(2670005..2671408),organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyasqavakpyfaiamllfvgqiifglilgtqyiigdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfafmgatyylvpeesqtelwspklgywlcgifavagvltilgyllvpystlaeitgnkyfptmgrefleqptitkigialvvvgfvfnilmtvlkgrktvvnmvlitgliglgvfwmfafynpmslvmdkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelilgailafilikttgvdrevvekwlyliiamalisgilgtghhyffigapdywlwigsifsaieplpfflmvlfafsmlkqrrrehpnkaavtwavgctimaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlaffgayamiamaiisyawpklhgreanspraqaveiascwvmsismlaitllltwagwiqielqrlpddagalgymqtqdaimhvywmrlaagvgfavglgmylysflvarstreaspvlmaaa
>Neisseria_meningitidis_serogroup_B  coded_by=3106..5334,organism=Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mlfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Natrinema_altunense_JCM_12890  coded_by=121336..123651,organism=Natrinema altunense JCM 12890,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqisrkqlamflatifvvnlvvmgggawlsyenepeipntivgpdgetvatsddvqsgkavfqenglmnqgsmlgrgsyydvdytadtlelktdymrdyyaqetyetayedletperaaidetvrqelqssthgehveysaaeayaheqvrqdyvetyhegdrergiqeglipteeeaeqfadfalwtawishtdrpgtdvsftndfpyspaagndaggavmtwsviamvllvagagiaiwlyqavelpepeaggvsiphpkeidltpsqllstrfiligavlfvlqtflggllahyyierdgffglseligfdilqwlpwsiartwhvdlgvlwiatmwlgaglflaplltgheprkqaryikgligallvvavgglagiwlginnvfdgqlwwllgnegleyveigriwqagllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfmagflytpetnfvmtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffiivvialtlvsmnlltkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwaglpevwlpigsvfstlefipllfilyealgqyramdtagtdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlpvisyfesgtyltvahahgamfgafgflamgmavyilrvttrnthwserrlrwsfwlcnlglalmlflsllpvgflqletaftqgyaasrslefynggliqtlfwlrmpgdtllilgavlfawdvvakllfqrkataeetsghviadrifgdrtpadpvsddd
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(17472..18818),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqilfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywirlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgkraspalnqavqpae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_1021  coded_by=complement(696686..698032),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021,definition=NorB nitric oxide reductase, large subunit
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqilfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywirlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgkraspalnqavqpae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_2011  coded_by=complement(696353..697699),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 2011,definition=NorB nitric oxide reductase,large subunit
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqilfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywirlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgkraspalnqavqpae
>Gloeocapsa_sp._PCC_7428  coded_by=complement(5151849..5154152),organism=Gloeocapsa sp. PCC 7428,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mastlidshsktprktrqlslpvwlvliciiafsvllgtgaiiwknappvpatirspqqeiiltqpeiqagqeiylarggqhigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlfnenpefsqadlealpvperaslqaqvsehfktnrydpqthdliltnaqtqglkqvfqdyqkllargsaihsipdgwfkddtqihnvtaffawtawaaaanrpnapfsytanwphddlignqppgqfliwsivsivvliagigifllvylaqeesdevqpvparpavriptpsqkvtslyfgvamvlflvqilmgmftahyavegegfygiplnqflpyaasrtwhlqlaifwiatcwlaaglyfaprfggfepkfqalgntillialavivggsmigtweavtgvldvkssflwghqgyeyielgrvwqvlliagmtfwlwlmyrafkpalqkeknptglshfflysaitiplfysvglmytnhtplsiaeywrwwvihlwvegffevfatvviaylcselgflkrssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtpsfiaamgavfsalevvplsligfevlktlklsqeaegfyrwplrffiatcfwnlvgagvfgflinppiilyysqglnttpihahsalfgvygclalalmlfafrefvpedawnekllrfafwaingglvvmlvfglipngfyqlvesvnhgtwfarsaevitspwmrwtvwlripgdiifavgtlamfaftvraifavfrfpvqttiaelkpter
>Lactobacillus_kimchicus_JCM_15530  coded_by=42844..45141,organism=Lactobacillus kimchicus JCM 15530,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mlvvvfsillaggwlifkneaprpaqivdqqgnvliskktlvsgqavyekygltdygtylgngsylgpdytaealhhyiegmhsyyaqklyhqpfkqlseikregiigktrheirenrysqsdqtltlttaqvaglramqayyrkafinnpkqaglpenmiklqekgnfltkgnkvnqlssfffwgawmsstnrpgrnfsytnnwpydleagntmpaeamiwtalsvaflvagvgvviyyqrryhfdmqatytteagmplidpdqpittsqrkvakffvivmvlfliqimlgelmahyyveneffglplqniwpfnlaktwhlqlvifwiatswlaagiyivprvlgrepkrqgilvdtlfwalivvvggsmlgewgdilgfikkqwwlfghsgweyiemgkfwqilfiigmllwifilwrgfvpamrrkmagegadrtrlvtllffgsiaipafylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligylmvdmklttvrstvralyfqitlllgtgvigmghhyfwegdhsiwlalgacfsaleviplcllvweaythyrvyrdttgsfpykgtfmflvstglwnavgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaillyvmrnisqksvwtpkvekwvkwacialnvglagmvfatlmpvgyiqlkdaltngywharltsfyhqplvsglmwgrmpwdliftagvvillvvvvyaffhlkpaenkkmaaahetfdeqttpsh
>Leptospira_licerasiae_serovar_Varillal_str._VAR_010  coded_by=complement(197519..198889),organism=Leptospira licerasiae serovar Varillal str. VAR 010,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mkyksqkiaywffatcmlllslqiiygfvmgfarmgfdglhdwipfnaarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaahyiipdesdreiyseklayiqlislilvgvvsiigfhlnfwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvllflfnigmtvwkgkrytttalvlyfglfsaallylpgmiqfnsqtvdsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyiivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvpeywkwvggffsmleplaflamamfaismyrksgrnhpntialfwtigsavmsfvgagflgfahtlpqvnlythgtlitamhghlafwgayamivfailtyamplltgrklwnnptglfafwasnigmlgmtgafavagiaqvylerklgldfltvqkeiqvhflglvlaalvftsgiiafiinfirfgtptdealgaeqasgdislarrs
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3965  coded_by=2194995..2197316,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3965,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycstflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgrkargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfiavlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrsvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._PSR-1  coded_by=complement(3548..5842),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. PSR-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mpyrahwialflvlagsfailggyaprirssapplpervigpggttviegaailrgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreanaildlwaraegggryaalsperqaalrerlrstlhentysedartirvgperaaafeelarhyasvfrdgvdayaipagalsdparardmaaffwwtawaavtdrpgqqvtytqnwphdplvgnrptgqavvwsvisfvlllagigalvwyhggrkepetvaeelpmrdplfglrptpsqratvkyfwvaaallvvqialgaltahygvegsklygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlgifwiattwlatglyvgpavsgheppaqrlgvnllflallvivvgslagqwlsvmqrlggeswywfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglflwlglmlralwpalrrpsatrpllllfvlaslaialfygaglmygrttnlavveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllhpdkatratffsttvflaggivgtfhhnyfagtpssvmalgatfsalevvpltlvglevwqnirltrartwvsayrwpiyffvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinppialyymqglnttpvhghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclralrpgaawkerpiawsfwlinvglammvmisvlpvgilqtwaavetgtwwarsaefmqtplmntlrwlrvpgdtvfaagalvlgwfvlglatgwslrrtgrvdegatdvtedeeapaggra
>Geobacter_sp._M21  coded_by=4568195..4570483,organism=Geobacter sp. M21,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhereqnmvlgkgwliaavltfifgfavlgylafrnnmdgppiprevrtadgqvlftgndikegqhlfqryglmqygtifghgaylgpdftaqylrisgekarlsytqqrltpaeaservrseakqnsydpgqnvitytpsqaaaygemisyyrdwfgpsstqqglrrpylkdpeevrkltsyfswaawvcsaarpgtnhsytnnwppdslagnqptpgvlmwsvislvallcgtglilfvfgrfewlgwhatdtalaaahpvpeevaltpsqrtvtwyflvvallflllgllggvnahyhveragfyglslaewlpynlsrmwhvqlalffvassflamgifltpmiagkeprhqdklalillgalvvvvfgsmsgeavslqgllgtnspwfwmgsqgweyldlgrlwqilltagmliwllilvrgmmdrlkgehpgnmpwlfiysavsiplfyaagmfygkgtpfnqiefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayvfmllgvvrvrvattivyldiilysiggvigtmhhlyfsgapeihmalgaffsameviplllltyeawkfmrlgapaggsmlsttaemfphkwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtqwtanhghgammgvygmlslgffmfvaryflpldkasntamgiafwctnlglalmlfinlfpvgmlqinqilatsywegrepaffmlpmvrlfewlrlpgdalfiigilpvvylavrmflnrnrgvarpaeekrgsnp
>marine_sediment_metagenome  coded_by=3713..5437,organism=marine sediment metagenome,definition=hypothetical protein
mirieyqtqrlslrfflvmlvlflfqtafglllaaqhidptllsgvfnfnivraehtnlgilwiltgfigtilfigpllskrelaapwlikflfyallavvvwnvltqflaqqgiagwwlgqpwlqegleyleagrvadiviligfailcyvvlrtfppmsqwneihwglglgvlaltavwvfglffigrldlqeyfrwyvvhywvegvwevihislvgflvvlmfnasvktvgyavfwgislvwlsgllgnahhyfwigtpefwqfwgslfsaleplplifcfwhiyldahhdrkpianmpafafllgsvvleqvgagilgftmtfaltnvwshgtwvtlshahlalfgtfgmlglsaayyavplmrgirdfdqrlgklafwliftgmlglafafaiggtiqvyvyrtlgldwfggdvspamqiaklqvpvfglvftigvgllvfdlltlgyrarvattpaargfetadaydgpahavmpgwkrlltgweaglwllgmwvfgavitlgllsfnlssvrdgspffpylmagigypglflvtllfvwrflsslaarnveplavytsatfaaepae
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_NGR234  coded_by=1047024..1048370,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii NGR234,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqvlfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwifliaaavavvgylfhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpinlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlaimayaipeirgrapynqwlsivsfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqdqlalfywvrlgsgvvvlisalmfiwavlvpgrsrspapsqavqpae
>Propionibacterium_acidifaciens_F0233  coded_by=complement(7291..9582),organism=Propionibacterium acidifaciens F0233,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
mvvsggwvqgvalvmllgftvlgvlawrtytdsipvpdrvtdssgqvlfthddisagqqlfqnrglmqygsvmghggylgpdftadylrrasddtlqrhrdagdadptaaniedwrtnrldeasgtlrlsdyqadayrtltdhyadyfgqdshnlgllanditdpqqvhqlvsffawtawgsaaqrpghdysysnnwpaeknvgnsptadmvlwsalsllvliggigvmfaiygrwsarigwhasdapailfvpparvgltrsqrvtawfwaaisalfllqtivgaaaehyradltsffgfdlagwfpynlartwhvqlsllwtaasflaggiflapfisgreprhqsrwvgvlfvavcvvvfgslggemlsiygvswakgpllgqqweyldlprifqaaltggmflwvfiivrairgrlrteshgnlpwvfffsalsipafyavgmlagtttqisvaeywrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrervalgiiymdvilysvggvlgtmhhvyfsgtpssnmavgavfsaaevipltfltveawaftqlgarrearsstpfphrwcvmflvavgfwnfvgaglfgfiinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmmamalamfalrylipqdrwnerlakvsfwcsniglawmvfvtllplgalqlyrsvgsgyfearslnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdvvfivggvvpflvmavqgwihrhdgrtvdelpverlfvevggedhgyaelaged
>Mycobacterium_europaeum  coded_by=complement(2010583..2012907),organism=Mycobacterium europaeum,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
maaqqtarpassqplvgkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgvlayrtysasmpmpdkvvdesgqllftgdditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmatqdvadqlrgqgvadprdrvvtefrtnrynpttktlvftnrqaaafdhiqshyaayfgenstkygllpqmitdkaqirdltaffawtawagaaerpghnytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlstffgldlarvlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygviphgllsqqweyldlprlfqilliigmfvwiaiifrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllassgthytvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklartsfwcmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitrpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrtgstvqelpehplyveaptepeagatvsakg
>Hyphomonas_johnsonii_MHS-2  coded_by=771881..774175,organism=Hyphomonas johnsonii MHS-2,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mdtykstfsikrlwiiltvgmvvmfgvllylgkeiyhekppipsavisedgttlytkdniqngqniwqsiggmqqgsiwghggylapdwsadwlhreaetliaisgqadtgaagnvsddtisamhklavqqemrrntydpdtgvilvsanraqainaveahyvrlyvgadqealdlrreyafplnavlteaeahdlsafyfwtswsaatnrpgkditytsnwpheplvgntpttgtlmwslasiiillagvgalvwyyakqftvwdadqepetgfaehdimdsatitpsmratakyfwlvcamfaaqvllgiltahyavegqglyglpfadylpyavtrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyvgpmlagkdpkfqtlgvnflfgslfvivvgsfagqwaavhrffdnltanfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiyltiglflwvalvlralwpvltreknrsliflvlisaiaigllyaagllwgehthisimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataiislllvrmgllrsmtatvmvlfatiiflfggvlgtfhhlyfsgtptsviavgaaisalevvpllvvgfeaysrakieheraweenyrwpfmffaavlfwnlvgaglfgflinppialyymqglnttanhghaalfgvygmlglglmlyclrgltdvrqwnhkllkiafwslniglgmmtflsllpqgiwqtyasvehgyayartaefmhsplmeglvwmrvpgdivfsvgvgyfcyfvfkatiakrlvatevqa
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_FQY_4  coded_by=1884598..1886868,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum FQY_4,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mntnhrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqiqrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqaihtqqqfgsaasltaaqqaavdvtvkeemrrntydaardsitvskeraraihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgalpdqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdvsytsnwpheplvgntmtsdaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwlhgsgkheedakplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglilvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwignqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvallgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvallftrlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrmrgtpwlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpaywglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasitkgmwyarspevvhsklmetlvwlrvpgdivfaggafilalyalrllrrppsrqaatapatatr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_GMI1000  coded_by=1886549..1888819,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum GMI1000,definition=probable nitric oxide reductase (subunit b) transmembrane protein
mntnhrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqiqrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqaihtqqqfgsaasltaaqqaavdvtvkeemrrntydaardsitvskeraraihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgalpdqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdvsytsnwpheplvgntmtsdaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwlhgsgkheedakplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglilvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwignqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvallgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvallftrlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrmrgtpwlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpaywglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasitkgmwyarspevvhsklmetlvwlrvpgdivfaggafilalyalrllrrppsrqaatapatatr
>Flavobacterium_columnare_ATCC_49512  coded_by=complement(371954..373285),organism=Flavobacterium columnare ATCC 49512,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqkvaywffalcmlllalqiiygfimgfarigldglhdiipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqqelvnvklayvqlislavvgvvavigyhfnhwegrkfleipreldylvvinvllflgliittlfkaerktttalvlsmglvfaallylpgmiwfdsqvmdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwliiggifsaleplaflgmalfavnmyrkgekkhpnklalywtlgsaivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnvythgtlvtamhghlafwgayamivlaiisyaipnltgrkrydsvtgrmafwlsnigmlgmttafgvagvaqvylerkfkmefmtvqneiaihfvvlllcatlftigislyiydfikhgktndeafig
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21264  coded_by=complement(107075..109366),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21264,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlskepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Campylobacter_showae_CSUNSWCD  coded_by=80234..82480,organism=Campylobacter showae CSUNSWCD,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mreykkywwalvavvtiafgilgyygvevyreappvvsfadkngkivieqeqiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhkelvafmdikaaqlygakfdalsteqqanikaltkseyrtntlkngvitisderiaaakvvrdeynglfgndpkyqklrenyamknntlakeenreqlndfffwatwatatnrpnseatytnnwpheplidniptqenvfwtiisvtilvagvgllvwfsnfygekdherlapidadplsrlnltpsqkalgkylfvalalfvfqimiggfvahytvegqefyginlsehipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallflvvgsfigeymaiagkmdaslsfwlghqgyeyielgrvwqlilfvglviwmalvlrgfvggfkadgdknllaiftasaiavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfaslglvgkkfatystlasaslfliggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeafhqyslqfaqswaknlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinpplflfyiqglnttsvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvalylfkgqefndklmkvgfwslnaglmlmivasllpiglyqavaaidvgmwyarsaeflqmdhlqnlrwlrmigdtifiiggvcffiqilkfiagscgckaka
>Nitrosococcus_oceani_ATCC_19707  coded_by=complement(2100799..2102145),organism=Nitrosococcus oceani ATCC 19707,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyqtqqlaypyfvaalalflvqlvagvlagtiyvfphflseaapfniirmihtsallvwlllgyfgasyflipeecereiyssrlawwqlgifvfaalgavisylfgvhegrefleqplwvkillavafviflynvtmtvlkgrktvvsivllvglwgaalfylfafynpsnlaldklywwwvvhvwvegvwelimaamlafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivglslvsgllgtghhyywigtpsywhwiggvfsvlevlpffamvlwafylvhesgrdhpnraamlwslgcpvmaffgagvwglmhsfsqvnfyshgtqvtaahghlafygayvmlnlafftyalpalrglqpfnqilnmwsfwimtgsmafmtftltfagviqthlqrvlgmdfmeiqqqidlfywlrlgsgiffvigallyiyavlgpvrgqmvaplgaqsatk
>Nitrosococcus_oceani_C-27  coded_by=complement(55498..56844),organism=Nitrosococcus oceani C-27,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqqlaypyfvaalalflvqlvagvlagtiyvfphflseaapfniirmihtsallvwlllgyfgasyflipeecereiyssrlawwqlgifvfaalgavisylfgvhegrefleqplwvkillavafviflynvtmtvlkgrktvvsivllvglwgaalfylfafynpsnlaldklywwwvvhvwvegvwelimaamlafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivglslvsgllgtghhyywigtpsywhwiggvfsvlevlpffamvlwafylvhesgrdhpnraamlwslgcpvmaffgagvwglmhsfsqvnfyshgtqvtaahghlafygayvmlnlafftyalpalrglqpfnqilnmwsfwimtgsmafmtftltfagviqthlqrvlgmdfmeiqqqidlfywlrlgsgiffvigallyiyavlgpvrgqmvaplgaqsatk
>Prevotella_loescheii_DSM_19665_=_JCM_12249_=_ATCC_15930  coded_by=10673..12931,organism=Prevotella loescheii DSM 19665 = JCM 12249 = ATCC 15930,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtpkklwltlaaviigsfavlcfygveifremppfpnkvvtesgetlfegqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsvwghgayvapdwtadylhreselmlselaqkdgkvyaqlaeadkakykvllqeelrkntfdaqtgvitfsdmrakvakqlrnyyaklflndpsmaklrnayamreksveavdglsaeqrfdkmdaffawsswvcvtnrpnsdvsytnnwphdpvigniaptslhlwsgfsvllllfcvgilvyyyaqhkeehvskapetdpmrdlkptasmravlkyiwvvgalmlvqmisgvitahygvegdaffglpiqeifpyavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgvepkyqalgvnvlfgalvfvvagslagqwfgvmqklglvenfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqillltglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdesrhllilfviaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvasflfcrlgllkiksatisvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsamelvplvligmeayhnyqlsrsttwiksykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfsinppialyylqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfvlrglypdyewnnkligtafwciniglllmtvvsilpigilqahesitnaywsarsaefmqqdfmqtlrwlripgdtfvalgevllvlfiiglqfgwsrkgkr
>Sulfurimonas_denitrificans_DSM_1251  coded_by=2064733..2066157,organism=Sulfurimonas denitrificans DSM 1251,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase B subunit NorB
mansylkseskklatwyftvaatlfgaqllfglvaaiqyvmpgflfeildfsvarmlhinalvvwmvfamfgsvywllpdetgietvgigmgkllfwvftaavtvvvlvylfiqvgpadetsiwfihegreyieaprwadlgitvvalgfvanlfmtgmkgnrsgivtvlmadmiafaglyltgmfytdnisvdqfwwwwvihlwveatwevfvgaiaayglitmigahrkvvemwlwievsmlfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywweigalfsaleplplvamfihvlydwgkmqgeedakgqeisvitnkpaftwfvlnafgnflgagiwgffhtlpqvnlythgtqftsahghlaffgayatilvgmmylavqgkngikvlnntkstvwatsmivggvvgmtvaltiagysdviisraqmgatwagyfdaqgttwlvqgmvwrllmgvvtfvgflflakdllsigkathhvr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=257619..259907,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR983  coded_by=complement(3628843..3631131),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR983,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_305  coded_by=837158..839446,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 305,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase NorZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4000  coded_by=complement(762342..764630),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4000,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR520  coded_by=complement(1662802..1665090),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR520,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_sp._TSV202  coded_by=complement(93049..95337),organism=Burkholderia sp. TSV202,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3965  coded_by=1488847..1491135,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3965,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR305  coded_by=complement(3598727..3601015),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR305,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7500  coded_by=21573..23861,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7500,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(16285..18573),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=551938..554226,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5492  coded_by=complement(27046..29334),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5492,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR303  coded_by=3414855..3417143,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR303,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Propionibacterium_acnes_SK182B-JCVI  coded_by=17116..19455,organism=Propionibacterium acnes SK182B-JCVI,definition=cytochrome C and quinol oxidase polypeptide I
mgngdkkpeatrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmvlgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqetfnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatftldtrikagesqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlssqqtaayrhlvshyttyfgsnshnlgllahdvkdpaqarqltdffawtawgsaadrpghsysytsnwpadptvanhptadmvvwsglslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfirpsqvgltksqratawfffviaalflvqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlatwlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggvflaplvsgkepkkqhvltyvllgavafvvfgslisealsvygvswakgpvfgeqweyidlpklfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtelsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipedkwsdklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmafqglmhhrqgrtvdelpverlfveeapdeqgrdrlpevsr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_Po82  coded_by=complement(45073..47349),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum Po82,definition=nitric oxide reductase (subunit b) protein
mktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydtshgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfgtdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkheeeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmllqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgaawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=complement(2032364..2034652),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_MSMB59  coded_by=complement(1734414..1736702),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB59,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E444  coded_by=complement(224606..226894),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E444,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721723  coded_by=2407562..2409850,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721723,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_H0587  coded_by=complement(1637483..1639771),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis H0587,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_Phuket_4W-1  coded_by=30833..33121,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis Phuket 4W-1,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721643  coded_by=complement(1886669..1888957),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721643,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_USAMRU_Malaysia_20  coded_by=complement(1884499..1886787),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis USAMRU Malaysia 20,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E254  coded_by=3700054..3702342,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E254,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=588646..590934,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapydklsvdqqgmldarlkhemrtnrydaandrltlsdaraaaalrvaehyealfgadpaldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetditytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamiwyhtahsehesplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstatgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgliamvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvglegwqtyrksqaapwvqsykwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsarsvwsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpvppqpderavgqaaqrm
>Shewanella_putrefaciens_200  coded_by=3599649..3601934,organism=Shewanella putrefaciens 200,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mskqkltvialllvliasftvllsigseiyrekppiptaftdasghtvfsgqdieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhkeaeawlnirameqyqhpfeqltnpakagleqalrddlrrntveqhadgtsiirlsttrveainkvsqhylslfgsdpelknlreqyamkegtvpdlarreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdasytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggliwhhasgkheslptpaeqdplflakptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkyqrlgvnvlwvalviivvgsmagewmgvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqillliglliwlalvtaamkpalkvqsemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhsnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsansavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkashwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagilgflinppialyyiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgkmqwnekmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywyarspevihsplverlvwmrmfgdvifsvggllmgaflfdlikkalnktpqvqhellepnr
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._K  coded_by=complement(4250347..4252638),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. K,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mpyrahwialfvvlagsfailggyaprirssapplpervigpggttviegsailrgqnvwqsiggqevgsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreanaildrwaraegggryaalsperqaalrerlrttlhentysedartirvgperaaafeelarhyasvfrdgvdayaipagaltdparardmaaffwwtawaavtdrpgeqvtytqnwphdplvgnrptgqavvwsvisfvlllagigalawyhgsrkepevaadelplrdplfglnptpsqratvkyfwvaaallvvqialgaltahygvegsklygfplaeilpysvtrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglymgpavsgteapgqrlgvnllfvsllvivigslagqwlsvmqrlpgeswywfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfvglflwlglmlralwpalrrpsatrpllllfvlsslaialfygaglmygrttnlavveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrlgllhpdkatratffsttvflaggivgtfhhnyfagtpssvmalgatfsalevvpltlvglevwqnirltrartwvsayrwpiyffvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinpplalyymqglnttpvhghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclralrpgaawkerpiawsfwlinaglammvmisvlpvgilqtwaavesgtwwarsaefmqtplmntlrwlrvpgdtvfaagavvlgwfvlglatgwslrrtghvaegatdvteedaraggpa
>Indibacter_alkaliphilus_LW1  coded_by=complement(120460..122808),organism=Indibacter alkaliphilus LW1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mkpdtkflnyimkqknwwlpfmvifvisivgilfiayqtyeeappiphyvdekgeeiitqeqilrgqevfhryalmeygsmfgdgalrgpdftaqalneraksmfrfyqeslkengsrsefesegilrkvqkeikentydennnqvyisfaqvaairdlegfyqemflnpdfheafkptgyisdpteikdlsafffwgswvcsverpgekysythnwpydefagnvatpstliwsivgllglvlglgivlyyygqfeqlseeyyakgasemvteeklqqykptptqratfkffyvavilfliqvlagvltvhdfvgftkffgwdiqevlpvtisrswhvqlslfwisacwvgisffilpllaksepkgqlflinllfgiffvmvggsfvgifmgpmgmlgdysrwlghqgwefvelgrlyqyfllaifalwaiivyrgvkntlrpgmpwglpnwlvysivcilllllsgfvarpetnfviadfwrwmvvhmwveaffevfttiivgymmvmmglvnrqavvkvvyiaallflgsgllgishnfywnakpvgtlalgsvfstlqvvplilltleawrmqrmpyllstkqkerhrsslfampgvflfiigvtfwnffgagvfgliinlpianyyehgtyltvnhghaalmgvygnlsiaailfalrfllkpeawntqlvktafwsiniglllmvtldlfpagihqlvavmeegywfarsqefiqsvpfqamtwlrivggavfcigglfpltwfvlksakhlkpayemekidhhleeveeeietv
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha704  coded_by=complement(80391..82646),organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha704,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlskwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM2795  coded_by=complement(201406..203661),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM2795,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlskwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Paenibacillus_barengoltzii_G22  coded_by=complement(39882..42191),organism=Paenibacillus barengoltzii G22,definition=hypothetical protein
mkgnqaqnsflkgilicvlllsftvliaggywifksqaptplkvvnsagevltiqdqitggravfqkyglmdyatvlghgsylgpdytaqalkiitdamhdhhaqaeygmdyadlapeqqtlifekvkaemkqnrydknaktlvltdgqaeglkrvrayydqvftegdgrgiqpnlfendtmpeegrayvapgdmrkqiadfffwtawlsgtqrpgdtitytnnwpyfedagntmgysavlwsgismtilifvlglilyfynryrlymqeayepgnfpvldlnrmpvtssqvktakyflvvvllfliqvgfgallahyyvepntffgldwivklfpfniaksyhlqlvilwvatawlgmgiyvaplvggkepkrqgllvdilfwalvvltvgstvgewlgakgylgnlwfwlghqgweylelgrfwqillvigmaiwlyivyrairsalrmetdkgglthllfysaiavpffyifafffnpttsftyadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigflmvrmklvtkestirsllfqlilllgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileaydqykmmkdggqtfpytsafrflvstavwnlvgagvlgylinlpavnyfmhgstlttahahgsmmgvygmfaiavllytmrnivkpeqwndkllriscwglnigltgmivitllpvgfiqlkhsfdlgfwsarafsfyqqdtvnlllwlrmipdtifivagivplvyvivrsmfhlrkpnvaeeesfe
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=complement(749240..750667),organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=cytochrome b subunit of NO reductase, NorB
mnthqvlkyrsqavakpyfiaamllfagqilfgiglglqyvigdflfpyipfnqarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayyivpeesetelwspklalalfwiflvagaltivgylavpyaklaeltgndllqtmgrefleqplptkvgivvvalgflfnigmtvlrgrktsitlvlllglaglavfflfsfvnphnlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegvwelilgsllayvlvkttgvdrevidkwlyviiafalmtgilgtghhfyfiglpgywqwigsvfsamepipffmmtvfafnmvqrrrrehpnqaavlwalgtavmgflgaglwgfihtlspvnyythgsqvtaahghlafygayvlvvitlisyamptlrgriansqraqavemwsfwimsigmgvmvlaltgagilqiwlqrmptegamsfmstqdqlrffywvriaggvtfllgqftyfssffvggepvkadtvpsaklaqa
>Ottowia_sp._oral_taxon_894  coded_by=complement(591490..592950),organism=Ottowia sp. oral taxon 894,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msnttftlkyksqavakpyfiaalglfvgqiifglvmgvqyiygdflfphipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeeaetelyspglallmfwiflaagaatilgyllvpyarlaeltgndllmtmgrefleqplptkvgivivalamlfnlsmtylkgrkttvttilmiglwglalmflfsfynphdlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegvwelilasllayvlikttgadrevvdkwiyvimatalfsgilgtahhyyfiglpgywhlvgnifsslepipfflltlfayrmvqrrrrdhanqaavvwalgctvlgflgagiwgflhtlswvnyyshgtqltashghlafygayalvviclisyamptlrgrvansrasqtveiwsfwimsvgmgvitlaltlagavqiylqrfptdgamafmaaqdqivffywvrlfggvafliglvlylasffiggepvegnwygrrggvmpgvaqrvrhge
>Oleispira_antarctica_RB-8  coded_by=complement(2396493..2397887),organism=Oleispira antarctica RB-8,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkyesqavakpyfifalvlfvgqilfglilgtqyvigdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymipeeaetelhspklamalfwifaaagtltiigylsvpyatlaeitgndllptmgreflemptitkigvvvvalgflfnigmtilkgrktvvnlvlitgllglalmflfsfynpdnlaldkyfwwyvvhlwvegvwelimasilayvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgilgtghhffwigapeywlwlgsifsaiepipffmmtlfafnmvnrrrrehpnraatlwalgcavmaflgagvwgflhtlapinyythgtqltaahghmafygayvmivitiisyampimrgrpngnsnkaqvvemwsfwlmtvsmvfitlfltgagvlqvwlqrlpesgealsfmatqdklaifywlrlaggvvfmiglaayiasffvggeepqlekaq
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M13399  coded_by=23914..26169,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M13399,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyhnqsrikedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M0579  coded_by=114119..116374,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M0579,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyhnqsrikedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M0579  coded_by=complement(388995..391250),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M0579,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyhnqsrikedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Sphingopyxis_sp._113P3  coded_by=complement(2603632..2605893),organism=Sphingopyxis sp. 113P3,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrklwwtlisvltvtflilgisgaevyrkappiptevvtasgkslmtredimagqaawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelttwltlaaleaydrpfdeldveqkaalvhrlkqeyrsnglepstgivtvserrgaaialtaahydrlygsdpalrgmrdnyamkegtlpdagkraaladfffwtawaastqrpgtiatytnnwppeplignqptpenilwslacvviliagvgaliwgwaflrrhddtplvtadkdpltlaaltpsqralgkylfvvlallvfqvfiggftahytiegqsfygidvsqwfpyaltrtwhvqsavlwiataflaaglflgpvihggdpkyqkagvdllfwalilvvagsfagnylsiaqvmpdglgfwlghqgyefldlgriwqialfagllfwlvlmlrcmmpalrrekggdrsllllltvstvaiglfygsglfygerthitimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataaiafifasmglvskriataaslasaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgyeawehwslrdrapwmralrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmintpvalfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpeirlneglmrlgfwglnaglvlmiftsllpvglfqfeasvtsgmwyarsdaflqqgflealrwvrtfgdvvfilgalavawqvvilglwrkgarrqvw
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=5682043..5683470,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalvlfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmpdgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Parcubacteria_(Nomurabacteria)_bacterium_GW2011_GWB1_43_20  coded_by=complement(7612..9909),organism=Parcubacteria (Nomurabacteria) bacterium GW2011_GWB1_43_20,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mdsqnyekdsvsnvlkwillgvavvsfailgwaakvtystvppqpekfltefgetlitgddivagkggfqkaglmdygslygmgsyfgidytaeylkqlglrtseniamlrfgqpysvlsednqesikremrrmlkgvdltksevilpvpladavktirqdivtflltdnpeigwsraralnnetaletanfliyssittvalrpdgsaswtqnwpyeplvgnapttsafnwtwisytftfllfgavifiyehwlnhrdnspreykmidfrpltpsqrkvgkyfivvgavfltqlavgvlmahyysertsfygfdigeylpfnflrslhiqtpivwiglswigaalflapvmskreakgqgflvdllfwvtlfvvaggiignylgninvidknwfwfgnqglsyielgrfwqigffvglvswsilvfralwpekglamkairefitgniylehllwaatlniallyaagmipltgiassfsitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfefftvavsayllmetglvsrtlaeravyfeliliflggvlgtghhlywvgagsmwipigsmfsfieviplvllviesiqqyrliqgtggtfkynlaylfiigaafwnfvgagvfggglinaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahlalfgafgllaigliyyclryaagdhthfdektgywafwlynlglvlwmvlnflpigfpqlaavyehgyafarslefynttllwqwmrvpgdvvfgvaallmvwdffkklkpvfkapeqtqnegstn
>Parcubacteria_(Nomurabacteria)_bacterium_GW2011_GWC2_42_20  coded_by=1152..3449,organism=Parcubacteria (Nomurabacteria) bacterium GW2011_GWC2_42_20,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mdsqnyekdsvsnvlkwillgvavvsfailgwaakvtystvppqpekfltefgetlitgddivagkggfqkaglmdygslygmgsyfgidytaeylkqlglrtseniamlrfgqpysvlsednqesikremrrmlkgvdltksevilpvpladavktirqdivtflltdnpeigwsraralnnetaletanfliyssittvalrpdgsaswtqnwpyeplvgnapttsafnwtwisytftfllfgavifiyehwlnhrdnspreykmidfrpltpsqrkvgkyfivvgavfltqlavgvlmahyysertsfygfdigeylpfnflrslhiqtpivwiglswigaalflapvmskreakgqgflvdllfwvtlfvvaggiignylgninvidknwfwfgnqglsyielgrfwqigffvglvswsilvfralwpekglamkairefitgniylehllwaatlniallyaagmipltgiassfsitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfefftvavsayllmetglvsrtlaeravyfeliliflggvlgtghhlywvgagsmwipigsmfsfieviplvllviesiqqyrliqgtggtfkynlaylfiigaafwnfvgagvfggglinaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahlalfgafgllaigliyyclryaagdhthfdektgywafwlynlglvlwmvlnflpigfpqlaavyehgyafarslefynttllwqwmrvpgdvvfgvaallmvwdffkklkpvfkapeqtqnegstn
>Parcubacteria_bacterium_GW2011_GWC1_42_11  coded_by=complement(24972..27269),organism=Parcubacteria bacterium GW2011_GWC1_42_11,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mdsqnyekdsvsnvlkwillgvavvsfailgwaakvtystvppqpekfltefgetlitgddivagkggfqkaglmdygslygmgsyfgidytaeylkqlglrtseniamlrfgqpysvlsednqesikremrrmlkgvdltksevilpvpladavktirqdivtflltdnpeigwsraralnnetaletanfliyssittvalrpdgsaswtqnwpyeplvgnapttsafnwtwisytftfllfgavifiyehwlnhrdnspreykmidfrpltpsqrkvgkyfivvgavfltqlavgvlmahyysertsfygfdigeylpfnflrslhiqtpivwiglswigaalflapvmskreakgqgflvdllfwvtlfvvaggiignylgninvidknwfwfgnqglsyielgrfwqigffvglvswsilvfralwpekglamkairefitgniylehllwaatlniallyaagmipltgiassfsitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfefftvavsayllmetglvsrtlaeravyfeliliflggvlgtghhlywvgagsmwipigsmfsfieviplvllviesiqqyrliqgtggtfkynlaylfiigaafwnfvgagvfggglinaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahlalfgafgllaigliyyclryaagdhthfdektgywafwlynlglvlwmvlnflpigfpqlaavyehgyafarslefynttllwqwmrvpgdvvfgvaallmvwdffkklkpvfkapeqtqnegstn
>Bacillus_glycinifermentans  coded_by=complement(5282..7636),organism=Bacillus glycinifermentans,definition=nitric oxide reductase
meiqretvpnkkpakngflksvlvftliasfsvlllggywifkglaprplevsapngevlmtkssikggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealniytkgmqdfkaqkqygksfdklsdekqsvirskvisemrknrydkdsdtlqltqaqvyglekvrthyrnvftkgdgwglesglikeshmpdrnrawissgdqikqvsdfifwtswlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydeeagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqdgkfpvfdlekqpltlsqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamlgallahyyiepdsffgihwirnllpfsiakgyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwaliflvggsiigewlgakgylgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqiilalgmliwlfivfrgikrglkketdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafmfnpgtsitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvralyfqlilllgsgvigighhyyyngsseiwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmrdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrnivkprawndkwlkiacltlnvglfgmvfisllpvgflqlkkafeegywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtifligivlllifsikalfhlrkpthregealpvkdiased
>Bacillus_sp._GO-13  coded_by=23371..25725,organism=Bacillus sp. GO-13,definition=nitric oxide reductase
meiqretvpnkkpakngflksvlvftliasfsvlllggywifkglaprplevsapngevlmtkssikggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealniytkgmqdfkaqkqygksfdklsdekqsvirskvisemrknrydkdsdtlqltqaqvyglekvrthyrnvftkgdgwglesglikeshmpdrnrawissgdqikqvsdfifwtswlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydeeagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqdgkfpvfdlekqpltlsqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamlgallahyyiepdsffgihwirnllpfsiakgyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwaliflvggsiigewlgakgylgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqiilalgmliwlfivfrgikrglkketdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafmfnpgtsitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvralyfqlilllgsgvigighhyyyngsseiwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmrdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrnivkprawndkwlkiacltlnvglfgmvfisllpvgflqlkkafeegywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtifligivlllifsikalfhlrkpthregealpvkdiased
>Thauera_linaloolentis_47Lol_=_DSM_12138  coded_by=complement(50369..51748),organism=Thauera linaloolentis 47Lol = DSM 12138,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqyksqavampyfiaaiglfvgqiifglimgmqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymipeesetelfspklalimfwiflvagaatilgyllvpyatlaemtgndllatmgrefleqplptkvgivivalaflfnitmtslkgrktaismvlllglwglaifflfsfynpvnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelilgallafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgiigtghhyywigapeywqwwgsifsaleplpffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvltiisyampilrgraansnkaqvlemwsfwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdapmsfmatqdqislffwmrewagvmffigllvylvsffvkgetqptka
>Haladaptatus_paucihalophilus_DX253  coded_by=complement(147525..149822),organism=Haladaptatus paucihalophilus DX253,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkvqrstlgkllaivfvlnlivmgagawysyehappipqkvvgpdgetvvtkaqvqegkrvfqsdglmnhgsilgngayfgsdytanalslkteymkvyyakekydkpvsalspeqravvnatvtteleasrpsdsvqysaaelyahehvrqlyveryhdgdlergvpngmiaseedarhfadfamwtawishtqrpgsdhtytndwpyepaagntpptasmtwsviamvllvaaagigvwlytsidlpepetkgitvpspkdvvvfpsqktaarfvpiaallfvaqvllggllahyyierggffglgsllgvnivkllpfaiaktwhidlailwiatlwlgaglflpplltgqeranqstyvnvllgallvvavggltgiwlgangyidgalwwlignegleylevgrvwqfgllagfglwaalvargfkpllkaeesfglahmilyaggsiallftagmfytpqtnivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaivgltlvsmnllrkrsaekavmfqalfvmgtgvigvshhywwigqpdvwvpfgsvfstlellplvfilfeaigeyrtlarsdgsfpytlpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplvnyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmatymlqlttkpdawterrlrwafwlwniglavmvfvsvlpvgflqleaafsgsydaarslafynsdavqllfwarmpgdtmlilgtlvfaydvlkkqfvqrevttpvpepdeqrvpsrvftdddd
>Marivirga_tractuosa_DSM_4126  coded_by=complement(3232498..3233895),organism=Marivirga tractuosa DSM 4126,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyksqkvaywffalcmllftlqivygfvmgfarigfdvlhdfvpfntaravhtnllvvwllsgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvkwayvqlislavvgvvaitgyhfniwegrkfleipreldylvvvnvllflgiiiatlykgkrktttsivlvmglffaallylpgmiwfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwiivggifsaleplaflamalfavymyrkgeknhpnkialfwtigasivsfigagllgfahtlpqtniythgtlvtamhghyafwgayamivlaiisysmpnmtgrkrynntnghlafwlsnigmlgmvtamgvagvvqvylerklkmefmivqeevkihfvvmllcatlftvgigfyiyefikygkptdealesenpfdedndkmsnqknqaelvs
>Neisseria_meningitidis_992008  coded_by=complement(55648..57876),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 992008,definition=putative membrane protein
mlfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus_HK386  coded_by=155819..158059,organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus HK386,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfadlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvendtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredeqdppipevdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslirtwhiqsalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfvgilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarsedfmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Burkholderia_thailandensis  coded_by=1399513..1401834,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtllliailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddvlpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhclirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwrqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Elizabethkingia_anophelis_NUHP1  coded_by=1020966..1023209,organism=Elizabethkingia anophelis NUHP1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mtpkklwtwlaaviiasfavliyygvdiyrkippipekvittegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwtadylhreavllldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillhkelrtntfneasntivisperakvqrelaayyeklfmgdpsmnklrdayaipvntvkdtgrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppgslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnvlfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Geobacillus_caldoxylosilyticus_NBRC_107762  coded_by=106364..108727,organism=Geobacillus caldoxylosilyticus NBRC 107762,definition=hypothetical protein
mevnpsvrpslrperrtqnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgkvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqeykakelynkpfsqlskdektiirdkvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpkahrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprigdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsamwwsgasvtililfvgiilfffyryqlsmqeaykegqfpvidlrkqpltssqvksgkyfaivavlffvqsmfgallahyyvepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifiaplvgghepkkqgllvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvvgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmkpdtnftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmklvtksstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykstfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghgammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfacwmlniglagmiavtllpigilqikeafehgywasrspaflqqdlvqtlltiravpdtifligvivmmvfsvkslfhlrkpthgeeealpvvdltkee
>Geobacillus_sp._Y4.1MC1  coded_by=complement(3059649..3062012),organism=Geobacillus sp. Y4.1MC1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mevnrsvrpsfrperrtpnsflksiliftilvsftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgdvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakdrygkpfsqlakeektiirdevikemrknrynpatdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrrvftsgdgwglqkglikesdmpkahrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprigdhitytnnwpyyeaagntmsfsaiwwsgasvtililfigmilfffyryqlsmqeaykegqfpvidlhkqpltssqvksgkyfaivavlffiqsmfgallahyyvepdrffgikwihdllpfniaksyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifiaplvgghepkkqgifvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvagmliwlfivfrgiksglkqerdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmkpdtnftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmklvtksstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvhfpykstfwflistavwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfgiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfacwmlnlglagmiavtllpigilqmkeafehgywasrspdflqqdvvqtlltlravpdtifligvivlmafsvkslfhlrkpthgeeealpvvdftkee
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidasius_C56-YS93  coded_by=complement(3005135..3007498),organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius C56-YS93,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mevnrsvrpsfrperrtpnsflksiliftilvsftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgdvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakdrygkpfsqlakeektiirdevikemrknrynpatdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrrvftsgdgwglqkglikesdmpkahrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstprigdhitytnnwpyyeaagntmsfsaiwwsgasvtililfigmilfffyryqlsmqeaykegqfpvidlhkqpltssqvksgkyfaivavlffiqsmfgallahyyvepdrffgikwihdllpfniaksyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifiaplvgghepkkqgifvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvagmliwlfivfrgiksglkqerdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmkpdtnftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmklvtksstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvhfpykstfwflistavwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfgiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfacwmlnlglagmiavtllpigilqmkeafehgywasrspdflqqdvvqtlltlravpdtifligvivlmafsvkslfhlrkpthgeeealpvvdftkee
>Thermoproteus_uzoniensis_768-20  coded_by=1318601..1320757,organism=Thermoproteus uzoniensis 768-20,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mpngksvwptivlaatvlvyaayafmayytfthippipsevvtangtvlftgrdvvlgkyyfqkyglmdygsvlgmggyfgvdftsytlrmledaaahslgfdavpqnnatamaaikaallpdpdggkivvsdvfakgfydavnyysqmlgpdsaeyrlkpylitnktivryltayftwtalialenytngfpytpgllaptnnvlyaswgmiiaillivmpmaayvfikfldywrdprspiqlpppneaqrltlwgfalfglalgvqgllggytmhlytdaslygvnllsilpfnvsralhynlailwialtwltfslfvfpyfgvnvskrqvaavlalgtavalgdlfgiwlsylgyipapwwfivgsqgrdvidqgtlwlllltavlgyfsylwykasktaaeplrpfakilsiaiagaaagtfvgalpvvapwpdfqvdeyfrwmtihayvegfwppivvtvvavllfiaglvpqrlalavvgldatseiitgmigtahhyyfnglptfwmyvgaivsvleavplgfmiiyaivvwrrgeirtefqktlvtyalvagigggigvvvfgaafinapflnyflhdaqstmahahvafplaygvpsilmwvvafylsgkfsdrdlrlmrwaaviigvgfylqvlltleplgvlqiqqelakgywfiktlytpsgalgfwqepvvvnvvwlrmigdlvaavgfavvifgmlarllkrq
>Sulfolobus_islandicus_Y.N.15.51  coded_by=1964860..1966980,organism=Sulfolobus islandicus Y.N.15.51,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein protein
mvkrirgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyitlagytlthlppvpsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqtadpptikvdglayssitdsetskwivsndyvkayntlynelynilynnssnyglkpnfvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpympqqtqpsvnvslstwimvivflavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvtlpppsasqrigligiffasvlagvqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnvtralhlnmavvwialtwvafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgilfsynqlipspywfifgaqgkpndvdqgtfwlllvalifflasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlippslatmaasidsvseilsgmigtahhyyfggeplfwmylgasasilevipilfltyyaillgrrgeiktefqktlvttilisaiggafvgaiiggasilnapminyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsggikenelktlrimiliyaigfimqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfyllsipdlivwlrmigdvvagfaaaviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Sulfolobus_islandicus_Y.G.57.14  coded_by=469313..471433,organism=Sulfolobus islandicus Y.G.57.14,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mvkrirgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyitlagytlthlppvpsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqtadpptikvdglayssitdsetskwivsndyvkayntlynelynilynnssnyglkpnfvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpympqqtqpsvnvslstwimvivflavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvtlpppsasqrigligiffasvlagvqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnvtralhlnmavvwialtwvafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgilfsynqlipspywfifgaqgkpndvdqgtfwlllvalifflasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlippslatmaasidsvseilsgmigtahhyyfggeplfwmylgasasilevipilfltyyaillgrrgeiktefqktlvttilisaiggafvgaiiggasilnapminyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsggikenelktlrimiliyaigfimqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfyllsipdlivwlrmigdvvagfaaaviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Halococcus_thailandensis_JCM_13552  coded_by=16122..18422,organism=Halococcus thailandensis JCM 13552,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mdvtrktlakilvvvfvanlvvmgagalysyqnappipqevvgpdgqtvatderiqagkatfqsnglmnhgsilgngayfgedftadaldlktqymqeyyanerrdqsyrslsdaqqaaidsrvtneldrdydggpveysaaelfahqqvreeyvdryangarergvpagmiedpedarqfadfalwtawvshtdrpgadysytnnwpynpvagnvpagptvvwsaiamvlliagagigvwlyhsielaepeiagidipdprevdllpsqraatryipiaallfvvqvlfgallahyyverdgffglgdllgidilqwlpfaisktyhldlailwvatlwigaglflpglltghepdhqrtlvnvllgalvvvvvggfvgvwlgfkgvigtdnplwwilgnegleyvevgrlwqfglllgfvlwtillyrgfkpmleresryglahmiiyaggsigllfvagvlytpqtnmvmtefwrwwvvhmwvegsfeffivavigitlvsmgllekrsaekavmlqalfvmgsgvigashhywwvglpdvwipfgsifstleliplililfealgqyralatsdesfayrlpfmfiiasgawnflgagvlgffinlpminyyehgtymtvahahaamfgafgflalgmavymlrltvdpdrwnerrlrwafwlwnaglaimvlisllpigflqletaftqgydaarslafyngdlvqllfwarfpgdtllilgtvvfaydvirkrfvlretstpdetpggtipdrilpeddd
>Mycobacterium_liflandii_128FXT  coded_by=complement(1117884..1120208),organism=Mycobacterium liflandii 128FXT,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mairvalprpakratstplvgrgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpvavvgesgetlftgaqitrgqevyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmaaedvaaqwrqegvpdpkervvaefrsnrydpnttvlvftrkqaaafdhiqrhyadyfgekstkygllphlitsnadihdltaffawtawaaaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptapivvwsvlslvlllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeaptlsfrqpgevgltgsqraaiwifavvsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlarvlpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvvvvggslicealsiygvipegglfsqqweyldlpqlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgrlkyeskmnlpwlffftglaipafyavgllashdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshdtpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlaiglamfafryaipaekwpekwarlsfwcanvglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyitrpgnsliewlrlpgdvvfilggvlpfvwigwtairnvrrapgsdelpehplytelgptttesrqg
>Thauera_aminoaromatica_S2  coded_by=25589..26944,organism=Thauera aminoaromatica S2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mpyfiaaiglfvgqiifglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeetetelfspklalamfwiflvagaltivgyllvpystlasmtgndilatmgrefleqplltkigivivalaflfnitmtvlkgrktvisivlllglwglaifflfsfynpvnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgiigtghhyfwigtpeywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyfthgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvitmisyampilrgraanstkaqvlemwafwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmsfmatqdqlmlfywmrewagvmffigllaylasffvkgdakgvvhg
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-93  coded_by=complement(118056..120344),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-93,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhntrklwiwlalicvlsfaalgwvgreifvhappiptqvvssdgqvlfstgqvqrgqqswlsaggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhrealalraiwaqryfgaayehlqpsqqaqldaqlktelrrntydaasgsislsadraaavaqvakhyadlfggepaldalreqyampanilrdaadrqdltafffwsawsavtdrpgesnlsytsnwpheplvgntpttgtgiwsiasvilmlgaiaamiffhstsheagdpsppkadplfklkatpsmlatrkyfyvvialilaqvgmgvitahyavegtsffgialgdilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgsepkyqrlgvdllfyalliivagstvtgwlgslqnmgndysfwignqgleytsmgrvwqillfaglliwvtllgralmpalrkpsesrgliamvflaalciggfyatslawgqkthyamveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraatansaiiletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviaigamfsalevvplamigveawrnyqrskaapwvqaykwpilcfiavgfwnivgagllgftlntpialyymqgmnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrglsnrtawsdklvgltfwslnvglammvfmslvpagiyqawaslsegvwfarspgfvhsawmetfvwlrvpgdivfavgtlllalfavrllivrrdpdpaaigsadalagkti
>Staphylococcus_aureus_KT/Y21  coded_by=complement(147844..150135),organism=Staphylococcus aureus KT/Y21,definition=nitric-oxide reductase cytochrome b-containing subunit I
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkdelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykeefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglasiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpksevdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_CO-08  coded_by=complement(197371..199662),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus CO-08,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkdelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykeefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglasiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpksevdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_ST772-MRSA-V  coded_by=287266..289557,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus ST772-MRSA-V,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkdelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykeefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglasiiyiqkryqfdmkptyeserelpksevdrkitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlyknsdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalniglagmvfvtlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Oscillatoria_nigro-viridis_PCC_7112  coded_by=435798..438119,organism=Oscillatoria nigro-viridis PCC 7112,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
manptfdlgemrvpkrtwkfslptwlvlicivtfsvlifagsaiyknappipatvvspqqeiiltqanieagqvaylgrggqhigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagllyngnsdfseadlqalsavdratlqaqvqqefktnryesetgaltltaaqtqgltkvfdsyktllsqgskihsipsgwftddtqirnvtaffswtawaasadrpnapfsytanfphddlignqapaqfliwsivsvivliaaigiflfvyitqedseeviavahrpliriatpsqkvttlffgvamtlflvqmlmgmvtahyavegdgfygvplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepklqawgnggllvaltvvvvgsligswasvqgiiggdnsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmyralkpalkaegdktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmynnhthlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrssalratymttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfitsmgsvasalevvpltligfevvksmklsqeaqgfyrvplkffiatafwnligagvfgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahsalfgvygslaialmlfalreitpdrawdeknfnlsfwwinvglgmmmvlglipngfyqlvqsvnhgtwyarsaevigsawmqwtvwlripgdivfsvgalilvfcvikaivaifqqptqaqpletiaaetpvvsh
>Simonsiella_muelleri_ATCC_29453  coded_by=16499..18745,organism=Simonsiella muelleri ATCC 29453,definition=hypothetical protein
mgqykklwytlfgvlavtfcllgylgkevyrqappfpekyvsasgqtlitkddilkgqsawqstggmelgsvlghgsyqapdwtadflhrelvmwldltaqkdygkkfddlsfdqkaivqarlkqeyreqsamdssgtvklsdtrakaieevskyyidlygdnpaynktrdnfamktntlpdlesrkhltqfffwtawtasanrpnsvatytnnwpheplidnkpttenyvwsfasvvfllmgvgllvwgyhflrkhepapkipdvdplskvsltpsqkalwkyaaltvilfivqillgglvahytiegqhfygiplsdllpyslartwhlqsalfwiatgfltaglfiapiinggkdpkyqalgvnalyvalfivvagsyagnftsivlnklsgsanfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqllltvgfllwlflmlrcavpafkqggdknllaifvasivgvgafyapglfygehttlavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafvfynlglvsyksattasliagslflvggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpvmatgasfsalevvplillgheayehwsyqhaapwmkrlrwplmcftavafwnmigagvfgflinppiqlfylqglnttavhahgalfgvygflalgfvlmvgcyikpnftydskymtrgfwlmnaglcgmilssllpigifqaiasvthglwyarseafiqqdylelfrwirtisdvtfiagavlfaiqvikmslskdkaa
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM134  coded_by=complement(3903..6158),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM134,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_FA19  coded_by=complement(5108..7363),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae FA19,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2896..5151,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MS11  coded_by=complement(1295323..1297578),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MS11,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(245583..247838),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(771749..774004),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1009151..1011406),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ALB_2011_04_03  coded_by=2537..4792,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ALB_2011_04_03,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2982..5237,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3258..5513,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(6226..8481),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2946..5201,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2353..4608),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9116..11371),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG3  coded_by=2533..4788,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG3,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG21  coded_by=2532..4787,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG21,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(4418..6673),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9150..11405),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3011..5266,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28280..30535,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2419..4674),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG6  coded_by=complement(2435..4690),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG6,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2604..4859),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2926..5181,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28280..30535,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2598..4853),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3276..5531,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG15  coded_by=2535..4790,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG15,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3260..5515,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3734..5989,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(10813..13068),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9510..11765),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2954..5209,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2868..5123),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2537..4792),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_NYC_2011_05_07  coded_by=2539..4794,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae NYC_2011_05_07,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3253..5508,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=68188..70443,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3729..5984,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3255..5510,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3285..5540,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3031..5286,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3232..5487,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2613..4868),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(10388..12643),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3469..5724,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3093..5348),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(8777..11032),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=66788..69043,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3544..5799,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2868..5123),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=41041..43296,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3111..5366,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG5  coded_by=complement(1893..4148),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG5,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3096..5351),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2414..4669),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2458..4713),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2503..4758),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2422..4677),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2613..4868),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3269..5524,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2585..4840),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3474..5729,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2985..5240,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3270..5525,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG14  coded_by=complement(1855..4110),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG14,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28285..30540,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3819..6074),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28114..30369,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(4703..6958),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3011..5266,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(54169..56424),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_NYC_2011_05_13  coded_by=2539..4794,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae NYC_2011_05_13,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=185896..188151,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3217..5472,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(30701..32956),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_02_02  coded_by=2537..4792,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_02_02,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2927..5182,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3209..5464,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9342..11597),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2990..5245,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(5937..8192),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9186..11441),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28113..30368,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9301..11556),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2422..4677),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3193..5448,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2403..4658),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2584..4839),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=6009..8264,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(5957..8212),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2587..4842),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01-21  coded_by=2796..5051,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01-21,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3247..5502,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2929..5184,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28111..30366,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28123..30378,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2948..5203,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3582..5837,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(7189..9444),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2976..5231,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3221..5476,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3506..5761,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2868..5123),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_05-13  coded_by=2716..4971,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_05-13,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2984..5239,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9378..11633),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3093..5348),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3355..5610,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_05-15  coded_by=complement(1893..4148),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_05-15,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3355..5610,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(5984..8239),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2617..4872),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2377..4632),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2984..5239,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9170..11425),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2868..5123),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG1  coded_by=2534..4789,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3245..5500,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3094..5349),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_NOR_2011_03-06  coded_by=2674..4929,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae NOR_2011_03-06,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2422..4677),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3100..5355),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3497..5752,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2588..4843),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2587..4842),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_03-09  coded_by=2536..4791,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_03-09,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG12  coded_by=2533..4788,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG12,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ALB_2011_03_03  coded_by=2530..4785,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ALB_2011_03_03,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3582..5837,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3819..6074),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2398..4653),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2539..4794),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4416..6671,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3017..5272,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2610..4865),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2927..5182,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3249..5504,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2502..4757),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3220..5475,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(6517..8772),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28275..30530,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3279..5534,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2982..5237,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9169..11424),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2868..5123),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2499..4754),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2937..5192,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2417..4672),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2587..4842),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28123..30378,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=6311..8566,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_05-16  coded_by=2798..5053,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_05-16,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4204..6459,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=23280..25535,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=66788..69043,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28117..30372,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3165..5420,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2951..5206,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3098..5353),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2868..5123),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(65754..68009),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2982..5237,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3179..5434,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG23  coded_by=complement(1856..4111),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG23,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3263..5518,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3011..5266,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28295..30550,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9169..11424),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2993..5248,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2420..4675),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2930..5185,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2419..4674),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9646..11901),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3198..5453,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2690..4945,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4396..6651,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2415..4670),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2479..4734),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=27348..29603,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3260..5515,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3263..5518,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2456..4711),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_05-10  coded_by=2788..5043,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_05-10,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3316..5571,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG18  coded_by=2534..4789,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG18,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2584..4839),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3971..6226,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2937..5192,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9164..11419),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3285..5540,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9146..11401),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2994..5249,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_05-08  coded_by=2756..5011,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_05-08,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3214..5469,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4400..6655,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=28270..30525,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4026..6281,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3174..5429,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2611..4866),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(8902..11157),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(12353..14608),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3473..5728,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(7188..9443),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3344..5599,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2989..5244,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01_05  coded_by=2536..4791,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01_05,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2974..5229,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2617..4872),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3267..5522,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(6192..8447),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(6072..8327),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3366..5621,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01-25  coded_by=2784..5039,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01-25,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3734..5989,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9168..11423),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2390..4645),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9169..11424),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3029..5284,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01_17  coded_by=2533..4788,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01_17,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3099..5354),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(105267..107522),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG9  coded_by=complement(1849..4104),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG9,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9181..11436),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(6726..8981),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(10238..12493),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(8735..10990),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3607..5862,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=2976..5231,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3260..5515,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4189..6444,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3801..6056),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2578..4833),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3094..5349),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3221..5476,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG8  coded_by=complement(1860..4115),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG8,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3096..5351),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3595..5850,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3655..5910,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ALB_2011_01-02  coded_by=2763..5018,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ALB_2011_01-02,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG25  coded_by=2896..5151,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG25,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(4718..6973),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3222..5477,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3041..5296,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(3096..5351),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3031..5286,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2499..4754),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3149..5404,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(33529..35784),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2413..4668),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=32583..34838,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(9284..11539),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26281..28536),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2497..4752),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=3316..5571,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Natrialba_aegyptia_DSM_13077  coded_by=complement(41545..43848),organism=Natrialba aegyptia DSM 13077,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mqitrqtiakalitvfvfnlivmgggaiysaqevppipqevvgpdgetvatqsqvqagkiafqknslmnhgsilgngayygvdytadtldlkveymrdyyaqdrydtaysglesaeqgsvdrlvqddldeqftegaetieyseaemyaheqvrdeyvqryhegaldrgvaagfigseeeasqfadfalwtawishtdrpggdtsftnewpynpaagntptgatmiwsvismvllvgavglgvflyksvelpepkikgieipppdeinltpsqraatrfiplagllftlqvflggllahyyierhaffgieevfgihivevfpfalaktfhldlgilwiaalwlgaglflpplltnhepkrqrtfihvllgalivvavgglagvwlgshgyidgelwwiignegleylevgrlwqvgllvgfvlwtglvyrgfkpmleresrfglahmiiyaggsigllftagmfytpetnivmtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivavigltlvsmgllrkrsaekavafqalfvmgsgvigashhywwigqpdmwlplgtifstleliplililfeamgqyralatsdesfpytlpfmfiiasgfwnfvgagvlgffinlpivnyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgllalgmatymlristipsqwterrlrwsfwlwnvglavmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftqtygaarslafynseiiqllfwarlpgdtliiigtlvfaydmvkkrftlrdvsdpaesleegtipnrvmaeddd
>Alishewanella_sp._WH16-1  coded_by=complement(46778..49045),organism=Alishewanella sp. WH16-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
magyrklwwlliailaitfgvlgyfgaevyrsappipatvvdaqgqvimtnetilngqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawleltaqeefgtsyqaltpsqqnalqfalkqayrtnsydkasdtlvlsdrrvkaitqtaahyialfgddaelaqtranyamknntlpslsrrqemtqfffwtawaasterypdsatytnnwpheplidnrptaenliwslvsiilliagvggliwgwaflrkhdeeepaapkldpiarlkltpsqkalgkyilvvvalftlqvflggftahytvegdgfyglnttewlpyslartwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdllfwalvvlvagsfagnyfaimqimpeqysfwfghqgyeyidigrfwqiikyvgvlfwlvlmlravvpafkapgdknllalfaasvicvglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvslafifhsmglvsrtvatsaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknkapwmadikwplmffvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyylqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfcllilryirpqlvfdenlmktafwwmngglvlmlftsllpigfiqfyasateglwyarseafmqsdilhvlrwirtigdvvfiigalavswqvvkgvfdskaarqplqqts
>Diaphorobacter_sp._J5-51  coded_by=183070..184443,organism=Diaphorobacter sp. J5-51,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavavalfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkmihtnilivwvlcgfmgatywmvpdesrtelysvrlayiqlvlwtvmgvatvvgylfrwgtgnklleqplpskivivivmlmflynvgmtirksgrfttpegvllgglglaavlylpallefhnytvaifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpqywlpiggffsalepvalvgmamyayfamrrsgmahpnklalhwtvgsavftlfgagllglahtfpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamisyaqpaltrrpeegtamgylsfwmqlagmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqvhfvmlvitasifaigvalfiidffrhplrlevnasdpvdrpldthraaai
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_MIN_052511_1280  coded_by=780077..782323,organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare MIN_052511_1280,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpvtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayallgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepgagaavpakd
>Mycobacterium_yongonense_05-1390  coded_by=4160169..4162415,organism=Mycobacterium yongonense 05-1390,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgqllftgeditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylraatqdvadqlraqgvseprdrvvtefrtnrynpvtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqnryaayfgenstkygllphmitdraqireltgffawtawaaaaerpghrytytnnwpaeprvdngptapvivwsalsliallggigimfavygrwsqkvgwhsaesstlsfrqpgevsltpaqraciwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqallayallgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqvllivgmflwiaiiwrgirgrlkteskmnmpwlfffsglaipafyavgllagsdthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdvilivggvlpfvwiawialrnfrsgttaqelpesplytqaavepgagaavpakd
>Geobacillus_stearothermophilus_NUB3621  coded_by=412090..414453,organism=Geobacillus stearothermophilus NUB3621,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mevnpsvrpslrperrtqnsflksilvftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgkvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqeykakelydkpfsqlskdektiirnkvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglqkglikesdmpkthrawvadsdqirqiadfffwtawlsstprigdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsamwwsgasvtililfvgiilfffhryqlsmqeaykegqfpvidlrkqpltssqvksgkyftivavlffvqsmfgallahyyvepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatswlgmgvfiaplvgghepkkqgllvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnswfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvvgmsiwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffmkpdtnftmadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmklvtknstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykstfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghgammgvygmfgiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfacwmlniglagmivvtllpigilqmkeafehgywasrspaflqqdlvqnlltlravpdtifligvivimvfsvkslfhlrkpthgekealpvvdltkee
>Halopiger_xanaduensis_SH-6  coded_by=3370462..3373806,organism=Halopiger xanaduensis SH-6,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mrirdrlsirddtgetrrrrtdfvtdrleagaetvgdlsrrartvanegpaealergvddlrdrsrkrlesardrlvdravtelceravgrtpdelreeaargpdgtdpldralerfvrrydldearldertlavirerlaadvgpdgemdvdellerladvdaadaataddgtaadpleiedaladlretvrteldlepnqspsealseigqrdavvvghalerllteeiprlvdertpddskresdgsvpsaaapmetepavlegertdptaragagsgppvrsvataaatmlalladdggggpsagqllsllgpmaagsgtgagdgadaplervlielvssllledggldltevpglrsrskgslalvalfvanlvamsigawvsrerappipdeirgpdgepvvtaeqvkqgkkvfqanglmnhgsilgngsyfgvdltadalelktefmreyyarqrgadafdelsaddraavadrvereldndapegsiarysaaeayahrrirneyvdryhagspergvpagfvesasqaaritdfacwtawmahtdrpgsdhsytndwppvpgsgnrptgqvlvwstisvvllvagggagvwayhsfdfaepttelvdvpspdavsvtpaqyaaaryvpvagalflaqvlvgaylahyyvertgfygigealgidlvsllpfsvgrtwhinlgilwittlwlagglflpglfadedpprqaegatvllgalvavtvgafacvwlgmqgkfgtpedghlwwllgsegleyletgriwkvsllaalggwtglvlrsvrrldepptglghfmtyaggsiallfgasmlytpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffvtaivavalvsmdlleqadaerailfevfaimaagivgvshhywwvglpdvwvpigttfstlefvplvfvlyrsfgeyrtlkaqgeafpytlpllfivgssvwnfvgggvlgffinlpvinyyehgtyltvahghtatfgafgllalglgtyilrvvtpeaawqptwfraafwltniglavmsiasllpigflqlqtafqdgyaaarslefyeddrvqtllwartlgdtpmilgalaftagavrhllaarrevdssaagata
>Halorubrum_hochstenium_ATCC_700873  coded_by=107..2326,organism=Halorubrum hochstenium ATCC 700873,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
mgagawfayqeappipdevvgpdgetivtgaevqdgkeafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktqhmreyyadaeygaaydaldsgersridalvrdeldtahdgsgvveysaaeayaheqvretyveryhegdhdrgvpvemidsteeaesfadfalwtawfshtdrpnadhsytnewpyqpgagndatgsamiwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepsaegisvpkpgdvsvfpsqraalrfvpiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgvetifgvhilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqgtyvnvllgalvvvvvggmggiwlgangylpgelwwllgnegleylevgkvwqfgllagfvlwavlairglkplldrepvyglahmilyaggsitllfvagflftpstniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeavgqyramgesgfpytlpfmfivasgiwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvaymlqlsidpdrwdgswlrasfwlwnvglalmvgvsllpvgflqldvaftegyaaarslefydgglvqtlfwarlpgdtlviigtaiyvadlirkrfvlraseddpsvddmavaegivgdd
>Aquimarina_sp._22II-S11-z7  coded_by=197186..198526,organism=Aquimarina sp. 22II-S11-z7,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyksqkvaywffalsmlllvlqitygfimgfarigldglhdfipfntaravhtnllvvwllsgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvnvklayvqlislalvgvtaiigyhfnwwegrkfleiprqldflvvinvllflglilitlfkgkrrtttalvlsmgllfaallylpgmlpfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgvlgtghhyyyigvnkiwlivggifsaleplaflamalfavnmyrkgekkhpntialfwtigsaivsfvgagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghlafwgayamivlaiisyslpnltgrklynsvrgrtsfwtsnigmigmtvafgvagvaqvylerkfkmefmavqeeisihfvvlilcatlftigiilyiidfikhgrpsdeamevqev
>Azospirillum_lipoferum_4B  coded_by=complement(85091..86440),organism=Azospirillum lipoferum 4B,definition=Nitric oxide reductase (NOR), large subunit
mkyesqkvalyyfaaamglfgvqilvgllagtvyvlpntlsellpfsvvrmihtnalivwlligffgaayylipeeaetelhspklaliqlglfvfgalaavvgyvfrihegrefleqptwikgaivvvalmflynmtmtvikgrrtvitnillvgmwgiaifflfsfynpsnlsldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelvmasilaflmikmtgvdrevvekwlyaivglalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvfafmmvwksgrrhpnraamlwslgcavfaffgaglwgflhtlapinyythgtqvtaahghlafygayaminlaiityampylrgrapynqtlniwsfwlmsggmafmtfaltaagivqthlqrvmglgymevqeqiamfywlrlgggvavvigmlvflyaifgpareerpaavagglqaae
>Elizabethkingia_miricola  coded_by=94567..96810,organism=Elizabethkingia miricola,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtpkklwtwlaaviitsfavliyygvdiyrkippipekvvttegqvlytgqdvkdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsvwghgayiapdwtadylhreaallldelakkdnkvyhnlpdeeqarykillqkelrtntfdetsntivisperakvqrelavyyeklfmgdpsmnklrnayaipvntvkdigrmekmnaffawstwvcitsrpgdnvtytnnwphdelvgntppsslhmwsgfsilmllaclgilvlyharnkeeeikeelpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvvtahygvegsafygipldqylpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnilfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyielgriwqilllvglvlwlilmlralmpalkkkdenrhmltlfvlasvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrmksatnavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyqlskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglyperqwndkligwafwlinigllimvtisllpigimqsmasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillalgelllvifiiglkfgwslkekr
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL04  coded_by=complement(430387..432663),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL04,definition=hypothetical protein
mgeyrklwwtllavlavtfgilgyfgrevyrqappipdevrsvagdhlfsgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelttwlelgareqygkafgeldedqqavlrnrlqreyrhnrarngvltlserrveairqtatyyvalfgddpalqhsrrsfamkentlpslerreemthfffwtawaaaterpdsvatytnnwpheplvgnqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrkdeeephpplhdpislvgltpsqkalgkylllvvglftfqvmlgggtahytvegqdfyglplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkhqklgvdilfwalvvvvlgsfvgnflaiaqilppqwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlalmlrgilpafrkpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglsygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvsvraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpglafnerlmktafwclngglvlmlstsllpigiiqfhasvdvglwyarseafmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigalsmvwqviigvlaplsstatasvpggverld
>Mycobacterium_avium_MAV_120809_2495  coded_by=432485..434812,organism=Mycobacterium avium MAV_120809_2495,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlanffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmsesgaaaakd
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._hominissuis_100  coded_by=10902..13229,organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis 100,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlanffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmsesgaaaakd
>Lactobacillus_parakefiri_DSM_10551  coded_by=complement(16888..19056),organism=Lactobacillus parakefiri DSM 10551,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mvafsiliagglaifkneaprpsqivnqngteliskksllsgqavyekygladygtylgngsylgpdytaqslhiylkgmdqyyaktlyhkdfttfsdlqqggikakvkkeikvnrynkakqtlrltdaqaaglktlqsyyrkefinnpqqaglpasminqkktdafmykgnkvdqltsfffwgawlsstnrpdrsftytnnwpydqdagnvmpaeamvwtaisvallvvgigviiyfqrryqfdmesrylpdspvdidpdlpittsqkkvakffvivmlmfllqilmgelmahyyvensffglplqniwpfnvakawhlqsvifwvattwlatgiyivprvlrreprnqgklvdllfwgliicvggsmlgewgstlgiinknwwlfgnsgweylelgkfwqivfilamvlwiiilmrgfipamkrkadydrtrlttllfcgaiaipafylaslfilpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifesfaviligwlmvdmklttvrstvralyfqvilllgsgvvgmghhyfwegdhsvwlalgacfsaleivplcllvweaythyrvyrdtqkvfpykgtfiflmwtgiwnavgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahasmagvygmfsiaimlytlrnvtkkqfwtkkmekavswaawltniglagmvfitllpvgqiqlidalkhgywharllsfyhqpvvagllwwfywllssgpslt
>Ralstonia_eutropha_H16  coded_by=65..2353,organism=Ralstonia eutropha H16,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappmpakvvttegrtlftgeeildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawlelaaqdangrpyaqldapaqaalrehvrteyrgnatdpatnvltvskrraqaiadtaayydqlfsdapalhttrehyamkentlpsaerreqlthfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgkedappqapardpllavaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvflggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvevlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklpahlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgilpalrargtdrnllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwslkrrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlsptlmktafwglnlglvlmigtsllpigiiqflasvehgtwyarseafmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfawqvvlglanrtplaadavpagmkpaar
>Enhygromyxa_salina  coded_by=16018..18327,organism=Enhygromyxa salina,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
msrglsgaksalasglsretfrpttgavrskspwlallvvfvcsfgvllyaghrisvdappiptrvlgpggellvdegeilagqsvwqamggmevgsiwghgsyvapdwtadylhresvlildqlaqaegasnyadapvelqasvrarlqassrsnqvnaesgeltvtaaraaafhelqryyaelfthgrsdyaipsgaqadpdklhkltsfffwtawaastdrpatpgvsytnnwpheplvenrvtgdallwtgvsiivllagitalvwwrlsdssastvreppptdpllgvaltpsqrvtlvyfavvsalflvqivmgvitahfgvegdgfygvplsrwlpyvitrtwhtqlgifwiatawlaaglfiapsigdgdppyqragvivllgalvfvvvgsmagqwlsvmhqfsndtlrfyfghsgyeyidlarafqiglliglflwvalvlravkpalarkdddsrgllvlfvmsafaiagfygaalgygqqthlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvfaflfarlgllepksteravvaaaviflaggiigtlhhlyysgtpsmvaawgsvfsalevvplvligheawdrlrlsreqswvkkyrypiyffiavafwnaigaglfgfminppvalyfmqglnttpvhghaalfgvygmlglaltlfcaraadaerewherplaisfwllnigllamivlsllpvgllqtqasvevgywyarsaefmqtptmatlrwlrmigdtlfgagalafvyfmatllkqpskr
>Chromobacterium_violaceum  coded_by=29863..32130,organism=Chromobacterium violaceum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkntrrlwgwlavicllsfsvllymgkeiyqaappipavvqgadgkavftgdqirrgqqawlssggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalredwarqrfgkayaqldvgrqgmldaelrremrangydaasgkltlsvaraaaarevaghyqglygadpafdklreqyamtadalpsaddrlavsafffwsawsaaadrpgetglsytnnwpheplvgnaptaangmwsiasvilmlagiaamvwyhmaagegeeaaqvpdadplgrlkatpsmcatrkyfyvvigllltqvgmgaitahyaveghsffglplaevlpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsghepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgtlqrlgtdfsfwlgnqglaytsmgrvwqillfigllfwlflvarallpalrdkategrsliamlllsaaciglfyatslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirmasanraivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgastsviaigavfsafevvplalvgfegwqtyrrggaapwvaryqwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclsgvsdaeqwdnrllkptfwllniglfmmvflsilpsgiyqawasveyglwyarspevvhsalmqnlvwlrvpgdivfalgvlylgrfalkllgrrrkeagaaqra
>Chromobacterium_violaceum  coded_by=29862..32129,organism=Chromobacterium violaceum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkntrrlwgwlavicllsfsvllymgkeiyqaappipavvqgadgkavftgdqirrgqqawlssggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalredwarqrfgkayaqldvgrqgmldaelrremrangydaasgkltlsvaraaaarevaghyqglygadpafdklreqyamtadalpsaddrlavsafffwsawsaaadrpgetglsytnnwpheplvgnaptaangmwsiasvilmlagiaamvwyhmaagegeeaaqvpdadplgrlkatpsmcatrkyfyvvigllltqvgmgaitahyaveghsffglplaevlpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsghepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgtlqrlgtdfsfwlgnqglaytsmgrvwqillfigllfwlflvarallpalrdkategrsliamlllsaaciglfyatslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirmasanraivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgastsviaigavfsafevvplalvgfegwqtyrrggaapwvaryqwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclsgvsdaeqwdnrllkptfwllniglfmmvflsilpsgiyqawasveyglwyarspevvhsalmqnlvwlrvpgdivfalgvlylgrfalkllgrrrkeagaaqra
>Chromobacterium_violaceum  coded_by=complement(31179..33446),organism=Chromobacterium violaceum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkntrrlwgwlavicllsfsvllymgkeiyqaappipavvqgadgkavftgdqirrgqqawlssggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalredwarqrfgkayaqldvgrqgmldaelrremrangydaasgkltlsvaraaaarevaghyqglygadpafdklreqyamtadalpsaddrlavsafffwsawsaaadrpgetglsytnnwpheplvgnaptaangmwsiasvilmlagiaamvwyhmaagegeeaaqvpdadplgrlkatpsmcatrkyfyvvigllltqvgmgaitahyaveghsffglplaevlpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsghepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgtlqrlgtdfsfwlgnqglaytsmgrvwqillfigllfwlflvarallpalrdkategrsliamlllsaaciglfyatslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirmasanraivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgastsviaigavfsafevvplalvgfegwqtyrrggaapwvaryqwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclsgvsdaeqwdnrllkptfwllniglfmmvflsilpsgiyqawasveyglwyarspevvhsalmqnlvwlrvpgdivfalgvlylgrfalkllgrrrkeagaaqra
>Chromobacterium_violaceum  coded_by=29864..32131,organism=Chromobacterium violaceum,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mkntrrlwgwlavicllsfsvllymgkeiyqaappipavvqgadgkavftgdqirrgqqawlssggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalredwarqrfgkayaqldvgrqgmldaelrremrangydaasgkltlsvaraaaarevaghyqglygadpafdklreqyamtadalpsaddrlavsafffwsawsaaadrpgetglsytnnwpheplvgnaptaangmwsiasvilmlagiaamvwyhmaagegeeaaqvpdadplgrlkatpsmcatrkyfyvvigllltqvgmgaitahyaveghsffglplaevlpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsghepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgtlqrlgtdfsfwlgnqglaytsmgrvwqillfigllfwlflvarallpalrdkategrsliamlllsaaciglfyatslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirmasanraivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgastsviaigavfsafevvplalvgfegwqtyrrggaapwvaryqwailcfvavgvwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclsgvsdaeqwdnrllkptfwllniglfmmvflsilpsgiyqawasveyglwyarspevvhsalmqnlvwlrvpgdivfalgvlylgrfalkllgrrrkeagaaqra
>Sphingobium_sp._C100  coded_by=complement(47589..49892),organism=Sphingobium sp. C100,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mksyqttfsikrlwiilsvgmvvmfgillllgqqiyqqappipeavktqsgetlftradieagqniwqsiggmqqgsiwghgsylapdwsadwlhreaeallalstaplpaglsaaqadvvrkaalqeemrrnsydpasgvitvsdtraraisqvqqhfvslyvgsdpaslklrrdyafpvygelsaaearqltafyfwtawgattnrpgqtitytsnwpheplvgntpttgtllwslasvilllaaagaliayyvkqfdvwradilpengmaqsdllgqsvitpsmratakyfwvvcalfvgqvllgivtahyavegqglyglpfaeylpytitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyvapmlagrdpkfqrlgvnflfvsllvivvgsfagqwaavhrfftdltanfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiylliglflwvalvvralwpvlrreggksliylvlvsalaigllygaglmwgqhtniaimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataiisllfvqmgilrtatatvmvlfatiiflfggvlgtfhhlyfsgtptsviavgamisalevvpllvvgfeaytrhkveheaeweriyhwpfmffaavlfwnlvgaglfgflinppialyymqglnttanhghaalfgvygmlglgltlycmrgltdvtrwnqkwirvsfwslniglgmmtflsllpqgilqtyasiehgyayarsaefihspimqalvwarvpgdivfavgvfafawfmlqafmpgrrpgpetaavpksvl
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum_subsp._brassicacearum_NFM421  coded_by=complement(3911037..3912464),organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum subsp. brassicacearum NFM421,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, (nitric-oxide reductase), subunit B (NorB)
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalvlfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpsnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmtdgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_Q8r1-96  coded_by=1171027..1172454,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens Q8r1-96,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit NorB
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalvlfwvfaaagvatilgylsvpyatlakftgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpsnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvvfafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqrleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwmtdgsalpfmatmdhlkplfwarlvsgvgflagllcylfsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Nitrosococcus_watsonii_C-113  coded_by=complement(434965..437277),organism=Nitrosococcus watsonii C-113,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
meihgtnaienslidtadpplspwwlrwvlavlvlglaallaitvlayrnappipeqvvdasgaivftgddiragqgvflkyglmdngsiwghggylgldysaealhqigqdsaralamlqykrplsalarhqrdavqvqvadllktnrydattgvltlapaaaqiyrqqiaywtdyfqhpdtngglkpglitdpqelrqfaafvtwaawasvtnrpgkdysytnnfpydpsvgnvpigpallwsalsllmllggigvallafgkfdylgwvsagrhvhpqllpgqagpgqralvkffvvvallflmqtlvgggtahfradpgsfygfrledvfpsnllrtwhlqtaifwiatayvatalflgrslrsdepkgfalwihllfgafvvvigasllgewvgmsqllgkwwfwlanqgweymeigrlwqillvvglfawfalllwvarprhndnpqvrpltrmflwaalaipvfylpalfygthtnftvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltffqlgltprntalrviyldailyflggllgtghhwyfngqtglnmavsamfsalevvpltlltldawhfvrttrseceicgesiaiphkwtfyflmavgfwnflgagmfgflinlpivsyyevgtiltpnhghtalmgvfgmlaiammvlvlrqtssderwagiekyvkvsfwgtnlglllmmalnlfpggvlqvwdviehgywharsidyvgstrshiiewlrlpadlvfiifgaaplviatikawlgmrretah
>Brucella_sp._63/311  coded_by=complement(298442..299692),organism=Brucella sp. 63/311,definition=hypothetical protein
mkyqsqkvamlyfygalalfvaqvlfgvvagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwllmgfmgstyyllpeetetelystklaviqfwlffvaagvavagylfhihegrefleqpffikvgivvvcliflfnitltalkgrkttvtnillfglwglalfflfafynpinlaldklywwyvihlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvmftfvmtwragrkhpnraallwsigcsvmaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsmvsfwmmctamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgenfmevqdqlaffywirlgsgvvvvisalmfvwavlvpgrqrsqklsgfaqqpae
>Staphylococcus_hyicus  coded_by=509805..512084,organism=Staphylococcus hyicus,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgspyrtlskvligilvtvfsilllggwlifeneaprpakvvdengktiiskdelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaetlhqyiqgmhqyyaetlhqksfkdltrlqqagiedkvkkeirvnryskekdqlvltnaqvaglkhvreyyhkefvnnpkqaglpqnmidqftsgdymvegnkithlsdfffwgawlsstdrpdrqfsytnnwpfdeqagntmpsealiwsaisvallvagvaiiiyfqrryqfdmeatyegekhlpkikipdtitssqaktakyfvivmilflvqillgelmahyyveneffgiplqklfpfniaktwhlqlvifwvattwlatgiyvvprvlgrepkhqgklvdllfiallivavgsmlgewgnilgwindkwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfiigmilwmiilgrgfipaikdgtdlhrkrlilllfigaiaiplfylaslfimpnthvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviligflmvdmklttirstiralyfqiilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgssfsalevvplclliweaythyrvykfskiefpykgtfiflastglwnalgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaillyvlrnitksefwtqrtekwisiscwllniglagmvlatllpvgyiqlkdalehgywharlpefyqqdtvfwllwgrmpwdliftvgvmillvvtiraflhvkkvknq
>Legionella_massiliensis  coded_by=complement(110563..112893),organism=Legionella massiliensis,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
msqcdasngtpnnqidpvsnvlkwillitaiicftiiiwgtvktyqlapplpqkfisssgqiimteedivagkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgrlteeniaqqrfgkkpfaslsegdqyvvrktmqhelqqidlshqtsilsqplteaiqqirteisqtllnhdaeagwtkaysldeqsalqtadfliysslttiarrpgqnssytnnwpyeptmgnsptphtfywtwvsfcfvflgfgavlyiyhrylsapdnapktplfldfepltpsqrkvgqyfvivalillvqiavgallahyyvkrtdfygvhlnnflpfnflrdvhiqtpivwialswisaavfivpliskkeakrqgfyvellfwvtlfivggaiigdylgimgyvnqawfwignqglsylqlgrlwqigfclglflwsfivfrgmwptwnhlktatvefwtgrihlehlfwastlnvailycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffavcatayilmgtglvsrllaeramlfetiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpdiwvplgsmfsfievlplalliidaieerqlikrrgdytynlaylyifgasfwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllglgliyfclryaagnrfpwsdrlgtwafwfyniglvlwivlnffpigwaqlmdvyehgfaharslefynttllwqwlrlpgdvvfalgalfmaydfiiklkpfypklaqikrtepqsvnea
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_CO72  coded_by=85251..87527,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis CO72,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwgliitliiafillgwggfevyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_103P14B1  coded_by=73668..75944,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 103P14B1,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwgliitliiafillgwggfevyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_101P30B1  coded_by=complement(36587..38863),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 101P30B1,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwgliitliiafillgwggfevyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadhgkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgssmgsdntvmlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikvtvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskkiatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdtpitd
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_CCUG_29243  coded_by=843844..845265,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri CCUG 29243,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=16087..17508,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvaaaaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=32849..34270,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvvaaaaaa
>Polaromonas_sp._CF318  coded_by=complement(17502..19784),organism=Polaromonas sp. CF318,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgsykklwftligvlivtfsllgyygtevyrqappipaqvsapdgkvlfdregildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqqlhgkayaaldgpaqaalreqlkaeyrgnrvdqaqvlklsarrvqaiaqtadyydklfsdapslqksrehfamkentlpnaerrrqmtqfffwtawaaaterpgqkvtytnnwpheplignrpssenivwsiasivvllagvgflvwawaflrkhdeplpapaardpltafaltpsqrglgkylflvvalfifqvfiggftahytvegqqfygldvsrwfpyaltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkfqkigvdvlfwalvavvvgsftgnylaiaqvmppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgillwlvlmlrgvipallkkggdknllalltasvgaiglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvslrmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhmyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlkaraawmenlkwpmmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppmslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlrylrpdhvfsaplmktafwglnaglvlmiftsllpigiiqfhasvseglwyarseefmqqpllqnlrwirtfgdvvfivgaiamalqvvlgllnkaprlpqpeprlgeara
>Geobacillus_sp._CAMR5420  coded_by=18639..21002,organism=Geobacillus sp. CAMR5420,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevhrsvrpnmrtgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltddektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksnrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgvsvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgikrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtktstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvvallvfaikvlfhlrkpthgegeelpaanlaeee
>Aggregatibacter_aphrophilus_ATCC_33389  coded_by=complement(39813..42023),organism=Aggregatibacter aphrophilus ATCC 33389,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mligafsilgyygfeiyreappipkqyvteqgepvithdnilhgqtawqttggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwldivanqeygknfadlnddqqtilknrltkeyrgskvdengtvvlsanrlaamdktaqyyislygddpaskatrehfamkdntlpslearqdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthatytnnwpheplinnvptpenvmwsiasivfliagigfvvwiwsfkrredekdpispevdpltklqltpsqkalgkylftvlalffvqvnlgavvahytvegqefygldisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahiipeewsflfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllngglilmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlvgdvvfifgalafllqiftmvffkpkhtan
>Parcubacteria_(Nomurabacteria)_bacterium_GW2011_GWB1_44_12  coded_by=complement(73765..76062),organism=Parcubacteria (Nomurabacteria) bacterium GW2011_GWB1_44_12,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mdsqnyekdnvsnvlkwillivavvsfcilgwaakvtystvppqpdkfiaesgellitgedivagkggfqkaglmdygslygmgsyfgidytaeylkqlglrtdeniamsrygqsfsaisednqesvkremrkmlkgvdltktevvlpapladavktlrqdivtflftedpekgwygtkalsnelavktanfliyssittvamrpdgsaswtqnwpfeplvgnapttsafnwtwisyaftfllfgaviyiyehylnhrdnspreyklvdfrpltpsqrkvgkyfivvgavfltqllvgvlmahyysertsfygfdigkylpfnflrslhiqtpivwiglswigaalflapaiskreakgqgflvdllfwvtlfvvagglignylgninvidknwfwfgnqglsyielgrfwqmgffvglltwsvlvfralwpekgqfgkairefftgniylehllwaatlniallyaagmvpltgiassfsitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfefftvavsayllmetglvsrtlaeravyfeliliflggvlgtghhlywvgagsmwvpigsmfsfieviplvllviesiqqyrliqgtggtfkynlaylyiigaafwnfvgagvfggglinaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahlalfgafgllalgliyyclryaagnhtpftektgywafwlyniglllwmvlhflpvgfpqlaavyehgyafarsmefydttviwqwmripgdvlfgiagiimvwdffkklkpvfkapeqeqggistn
>Parcubacteria_bacterium_GW2011_GWA1_44_13  coded_by=complement(73889..76186),organism=Parcubacteria bacterium GW2011_GWA1_44_13,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mdsqnyekdnvsnvlkwillivavvsfcilgwaakvtystvppqpdkfiaesgellitgedivagkggfqkaglmdygslygmgsyfgidytaeylkqlglrtdeniamsrygqsfsaisednqesvkremrkmlkgvdltktevvlpapladavktlrqdivtflftedpekgwygtkalsnelavktanfliyssittvamrpdgsaswtqnwpfeplvgnapttsafnwtwisyaftfllfgaviyiyehylnhrdnspreyklvdfrpltpsqrkvgkyfivvgavfltqllvgvlmahyysertsfygfdigkylpfnflrslhiqtpivwiglswigaalflapaiskreakgqgflvdllfwvtlfvvagglignylgninvidknwfwfgnqglsyielgrfwqmgffvglltwsvlvfralwpekgqfgkairefftgniylehllwaatlniallyaagmvpltgiassfsitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfefftvavsayllmetglvsrtlaeravyfeliliflggvlgtghhlywvgagsmwvpigsmfsfieviplvllviesiqqyrliqgtggtfkynlaylyiigaafwnfvgagvfggglinaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahlalfgafgllalgliyyclryaagnhtpftektgywafwlyniglllwmvlhflpvgfpqlaavyehgyafarsmefydttviwqwmripgdvlfgiagiimvwdffkklkpvfkapeqeqggistn
>Oceanimonas_sp._GK1  coded_by=95011..97311,organism=Oceanimonas sp. GK1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
manyrrlwllllvvlgitfailgyfgrevyrvappipaqvvtengtlltthdgildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvtwlelaaqeefgtayanldgeqqavlqhrlkqeyrtngydaeadvlvvserraqamadtaayydqlfsddpalrstrqsfamkentlpsaerradmtnfffwtawaaaterpdsnatytnnwpheplignkptaenivwsivsvvlliagvgglvwawsflrkedeaepkapakdplttfkltpsqkalgkyvflvvalftfqvllggatahytvegqhfygielskwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqalgvnvlfwalvavvvgsfagnylaiaqimpenlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgivlwlvlmlrgvvpalrqpgdrnllalltascaaiglfygagffygerthisvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifcsmglvsrraattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknsapwmenikwplmffvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppvalyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfallvlryirpnlvfseslmktafwwmngglvlmlftsvlpvgviqfiasaseglwyarsesfmqqgllqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalavtwqviiglrqpaahagslaiepqecdvpelmsk
>Clostridium_ultunense_Esp  coded_by=complement(46918..49266),organism=Clostridium ultunense Esp,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
makerptshsamkeagttrisflksvliftlilsfsvllmggywvfkdqaprpekvvnqageivftkeqliggqavfqkyglmdygtvlgdgsylgpdytaetlrvyteamqefyarvdykkaftalssteqaairekviaeikenrydaakkqlvltdaqaagleavrvyykkaftqgdengilpafiseahmprgdrayvasgdqidqlsdfffwtawlsstlrpgetitytnnwpfyteagnqlsfgailwsgisvtvlilmlalilfvyyryklemeeaylpghfpsfnlaadpltpsqrktgkyfavvaalffvqvmfggllahyylepdsfygldwivnlfpftlaktyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgiyvaplvggrepkyqgllvdflfwalvvlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnvwfllghqgweylelgriwqiilaigmtlwliivyrglrdglkqekdrgglvhllfysaiavpffylfaflinpgtsftfadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigflmvqmklttkastiralyfqiilllgsgvigighhyyyngspevwvalgavfsalevipltllildayghyrmlrhggvnfpyrasfwflistaiwnllgagvlgflinlpavnyfehgqmltaahghgsmmgvygmfaiavllfslrnvvkpewwndkwlkvsvwglnlglagmilftllpvglvqlkmaydsgywfsrsaaffqdgsvrfllwirlipdsafillgvvplliftvralfnlrkptvkegellem
>Janthinobacterium_sp._KBS0711  coded_by=complement(687233..689512),organism=Janthinobacterium sp. KBS0711,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgqykklwftligvlivtfsllgyygtevyrqappipaqvlaqdgrqlfdregildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqeqhgkayaaldgpaqaalrealkleyrgnrtddaqvlrlsprrvqaiantahyydqlfsdapalqksrehfamkentlpsaerraqmtqfffwtawaaaterpgqkvtytnnwpheplignqpsgenlvwsvasvvvllagvgflvwgwaflrdhdealpaagprdplttfaltpsqrglgkylflvvalfifqvfiggftahytvegqqfygidvsrwfpyaltrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkwqrlgvdvlfwalvavvvgsfignylaiaqvmppewnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkyigillwlvlmlrgvvpalrkpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygaglfygerthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsvrmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmaigasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlkerapwmenlrwpmmcfvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppvalyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlrylrpdyrfspalmktafwglnmglvlmiftsllpigiiqfhasvteglwyarseafmqqpllqnlrwirtfgdvvfiggaiamalqvvlglldkapkapvlqpqavrpg
>Formosa_sp._AK20  coded_by=complement(521794..523137),organism=Formosa sp. AK20,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqkvaywffafsmlllvlqitygfimgfarigfdglhefipfntaravhtnllvvwllsgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvklayvqlislavvgvaaiigyhfnwwegrkfleiprqldylvvvnvllflglilatlfkgkrktttalvltmgllfaallyipgmlpfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwlivggifsaleplaflamalfavnmyrkgekkhpnkialfwtlgsaivsfvgagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghlafwgayamivlaiisyalpnmtgrklydssvgraafwlsnigmlgmtvafgvagvaqvylerkfkmdfmevqaeisihfvvlilcatmfatgivmyiwdfykhgkptdealdlesdl
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._paratuberculosis_11-1786  coded_by=complement(2091..5048),organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis 11-1786,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakdwpvgapattvwliagyslallvvgwgfdvmarrasahaarwrtgrftyrpdhdawicpqdhwlwptsfdpkhrvmryralpvvcnscpvkaecttsehgreisrevdpwphsdagrfhrgiaccvaglgivlplatlvtnhsaadalvltatvllvallglplarhlwntpsnapqhlphrtaiedqvaaaidrystrwggwkskednat
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._paratuberculosis_08-8281  coded_by=complement(13477..16434),organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis 08-8281,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakdwpvgapattvwliagyslallvvgwgfdvmarrasahaarwrtgrftyrpdhdawicpqdhwlwptsfdpkhrvmryralpvvcnscpvkaecttsehgreisrevdpwphsdagrfhrgiaccvaglgivlplatlvtnhsaadalvltatvllvallglplarhlwntpsnapqhlphrtaiedqvaaaidrystrwggwkskednat
>Mycobacterium_avium_subsp._paratuberculosis_S397  coded_by=complement(74085..77042),organism=Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis S397,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtapetsaqqtssqplvsrgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtysasmpmpdkvvsesgrllftgaditrgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrtatqdvadqlraqgvadprervvtefrtnryhpdtktlvftdrqaaafdhiqdrygayfgenstkygllphlitdkaqirdltaffawtawaaaaerpghkytytnnwpaeprvdngptaavivwsalslvallggigvmfavygrwsqkvgwhsaetstlsfrqpgdvgltpaqracvwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarvlpynlartwhlqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarrepkrqallayillgavavvvfgslicealsiygvipagglfsqqweyldlprlwqilliagmfmwiaiiwrgirgrlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaipafytvgllagsdahytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrekialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdanpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyqigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnavlewlrlpgdviliaggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgttvqelpehplytespvmseagaaaakdwpvgapattvwliagyslallvvgwgfdvmarrasahaarwrtgrftyrpdhdawicpqdhwlwptsfdpkhrvmryralpvvcnscpvkaecttsehgreisrevdpwphsdagrfhrgiaccvaglgivlplatlvtnhsaadalvltatvllvallglplarhlwntpsnapqhlphrtaiedqvaaaidrystrwggwkskednat
>Natronococcus_occultus_SP4  coded_by=complement(121568..124834),organism=Natronococcus occultus SP4,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
melanallsgtrgidrlesvadrledgtdavaaasaqvrraageqaaaavdrgadelhgrsdsseglrdcvlervadeacsrvvgrsaeelreraetdrdatldraleaflrryrldatrlddetlaairdrvapeadldpeellerladaepsasasnsgaeqtdpeaavadasedaygtfcaaldletdrssghvledvlerdtvevaqaieaalgafpaevenpraeseqtaerrdagaepavspqpsltsgfdgvdpdatagsvsvataaalaattllsddlgdgqtlaqllpmlasvgtsgdgfgdgvlgwrllelfssslttadagsidlaslrsrstgakalvalfvanlvamsigawlsrekappipeeirdpdgepivtadqirlgkkafqanglmnhgsilgngsyfgvdltadalelkaeyvreyyahergadsfeelkdderagvaeqaerefdtdapegpfarysaaeayahrrireeyveryyegdpdrgvpeefvnsadeaeriadfacwtawmahtdrpgsdhsytndwpyvpgtgnqptgqvlvwstislvlliagggagawayhafefaepatevvdipspdsvsitptqyaaawyvpvagalfvaqtlvgallahyyvertgfygigdalgidivsvlpfsvgrawhinlailwitalwlagglflpglftdsdpplqsaaatgllavlvattvgafagvwlssqgafaspdeselwwwlgsegleylevgriwkvlllvgfvswtglvlrsvrrmdepptglghfmtyaggsialmfaasmlytpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffvtavvsvalvsmellekgdaekailfevfaimgagivgvshhywwvglpdiwvpigttfstlefvpllfilyqsfgeysalkaqgesfpytlpllfiigssvwnfvgggvlgffinlpvinyyehgtyltvahghaatfgafgllalglgtyvlrvvtpeaawepgwfrgafwltnvglavmtlasllplgflqlqtsyqdgyaaarslefyeqdrvqtllwartlgdtpmilgalaftvgavrhllaarrehratg
>Alcaligenes_faecalis_subsp._faecalis_NCIB_8687  coded_by=complement(135955..138237),organism=Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. faecalis NCIB 8687,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrssykklwwslvavtmvtfailgwtgvevyrqappmpvkvltpdgreftsqeqihrgqsawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhrealawldlaaqqtyslnydqltssqqatlrqelqdeyrpnrideatgvlqiserrakaidttaqyyidlfgdapelkssresfamkdntlpelqrrqdmtrfffwlswatvterpgttvsytnnwpheplvdnhpstanivwsivsivlllagigllvwiwafthkeeaapvapatdpvlafrltpsqralkkyafltvalfviqvflggftahytvegqmfygidvsqwfpysltrtwhiqaallwiasgfltaglflvplinggedpkyqrlgvdvlfgalvvlfigsfagnflaiknilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqiikfiglafwlllmlrgmwpalrrdkgdnhllvlltistvaiglfygtglfygehtnitimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvamgfifltlglvskrsatiaglaaaslflvggvpgtlhhlyfsgtttpimaigasfsalevvplimlgyeafhnwkmqkqaswmndlrwpvmffvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttplhahaalfgvygflslgfvllvvryispevryndrlmswgfwtlngglvlmmfvsllpagiiqawasisegmwyarseafmqqpilqslrwwrtlgdvvfiagallvfqqvlvrimagrrsaaahaagavkas
>Natrinema_versiforme_JCM_10478  coded_by=26009..28327,organism=Natrinema versiforme JCM 10478,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mqisrkqlaaflvtifvvnlivmgggawlsyanepeipdtivgpdgqtvatgddvqsgkavfqenglmnqgsilghgsyydtdytanalelktehmreyyaqerhgqdysqlnasiqagidqevrqelqsseyepeqveysaaevyaheqvreeyveryhdgdrergvpaeqipsveeaeefadfalwtawishtdrpgseasftndwpyspdagneaggpvmtwsviamvllvagagaaiwlyqsielpepeaagvsiphprdidltpsqllstrfvligallfaaqtflggllahyyverdgffglneligfdilqwlpwsiartwhvdlgilwiatmwlgaglflaplltgreppkqaryvkgligallvvavgglagiwlginnvfdgqlwwllgnegleyleigrvwqfgllvgflgwtalvargfkplldrepryglahmivyaggsigllfiagflytpqtnivttefwrwwvvhmwvegvfeffivvvialtlvsmnlltkksaekavifqaalvmgsgiigvshhywwvglpeawlpigsvfstlefipllfilyealgqyramdtagtdfpyrmafyfivassvwnffgagvigffinlplisyyqtgtyltvahahgamfgafgllamgmavyilrlttrdshwtnrrlrwsfwlcnvglaamiflsllpigflqletaftqgyaasrslefyngglvqtlfwlrmpgdtllilgavvfawdvaakllfqrkataeettshviadrifgdrdtvdtvsddd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_80179  coded_by=complement(41059..43314),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 80179,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheeveipaedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_H0587  coded_by=complement(437836..440157),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis H0587,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttstfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddvlpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdvilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Staphylococcus_schleiferi  coded_by=complement(299833..302115),organism=Staphylococcus schleiferi,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mslqrnmykrlnrvlltilalvfsilliggwfifqneaprpakivdthgntivtkselisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaetlhhyirgmrtyyahtlyhkplnrldeaeraavkdkvtkeirvnrydqqkdqlvltdaqvyglnyiqkyykkifinnpkqagltenmikqfknddymvsgnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpsqnfsytnnwpydpdagnmlpssgvlwtaisvtlligglafiiyiqrryefdmkatyqsekylpkievdsiitrsqqkvgkylvivmllfliqillgelmahyyvensffgipiqqflpfnlaktwhlqlaifwiatawlaagiyivpkvlgsepkhqsllvdilfyallvvvigsmlgewgnilgvinqhwwlfghfgweyiemgkfwqilfiigmvlwiiilyrgfipairnkiqtnydkkhllsllfigaiaiplfylaslfimpnthvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiqstiralyfqlilllgtgvvgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdmafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfrnitqkafwshkvekwikiscwtlniglagmvlftllpvgyiqlkdalnygywhsrlatfyenplvagliwgrmpwdiiftigvlilvsifvrgfkyikr
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M04-240196  coded_by=641345..643600,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M04-240196,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL082PA1  coded_by=complement(75481..77814),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL082PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakspvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsarmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL110PA2  coded_by=12643..14976,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL110PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakspvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsarmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Halorubrum_aidingense_JCM_13560  coded_by=94228..96516,organism=Halorubrum aidingense JCM 13560,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
meltrktiakvivaafllnlvvmgagawfayqeappipddvvgpdgetvttgetiqdgkaafqqyglmnhgsilgngayygedytaetlelktehmreyyaqaehdaaydslssseraaidqtvrddldgahdgtgvveysaaeayaheevratyveryhegdhargvpegmiespeeaaafadfalwtawfshtdrpdaehsytndwpyspaagndatgsamiwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvtlpepsakgvsvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfvpiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieelfgvhilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqaryvnvllgalvtvvvggmggiwlgangyfdgqlwwllgnegleylevgkvwqggllvgfvlwavlairglkplldrepvyglahmilyaggsitllfvagflftpttniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmadywvpigsvfstlellplvfilyeaigqyramsdaefpytlpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqldvaftesyaaarslafyegstvqtlfwarlpgdsllilgtviyaadlvrkrfvlrrsaedpsvddmavaegilsddd
>Corynebacterium_accolens_ATCC_49725  coded_by=118457..121021,organism=Corynebacterium accolens ATCC 49725,definition=hypothetical protein
mattttgvedrkkpvlkvsnvwvqgialvmifgflvmgflayrtydasmplpekivsestgetvltkdeitngqalyqarglqqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrraldhareendangipdfvdssatpeeavveefrtnrydeetgvlewtdnqisafeankdyyaqyfgpdshnsglpsdfitdeqdinnlvgffgwtawasaaerpghdysytnnwpaesrvdngptadlvvwsvlslialiggtglifaiygrwsksigwhseeapnldfkqpgevgltksqkvvawfvlviallfliqallgaasqhyrteltgffgiplqeilpynvsrtwhvqlsllwtaggllaagiflasfvgkkepkkqdwlvwfllgaiavvvfgsmafewlstmgyieegtlfsqqweyldlprffqvlltigmfvwigiiyrqlrgrlknehksnmpwlfffaglaipafyavgnlagsethisvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrekialgiifldvilystggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevvpltlltveawtfmqlgsrqrasgerpfphrwavmflvsvgfwnflgagifgflvnlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygflavglsvfalrylipkdkwsdkamgwafwlqnlgllwmvvisllplgimqlyesvgsgyvearslgyitqpgnfimewlrlpgdvmfllgvlpflwmalrgvlykkeiptveehptnplfsiitpdeddhagevpvgssvglvsggkgrvdkrsstgrrygyidergafveeedpdaergdsataprqefesrtkwggtyrsdkkdd
>Luteimonas_sp._FCS-9  coded_by=185710..187995,organism=Luteimonas sp. FCS-9,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msstrklwlgltalllasfavllwvgsevhrqappmpekvvtvdgevlftradietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgayvapdwgadwlhreaeavldlwarrehgvdsykqldeptqaayakrvqqllrrntwdaasgtitierdraeamalvgahyadlfgndpataelreayamrndtvpdaahrqamtgffwwaawssvterpgeaisytanwpadelvgntpppsafmwtvfsvlfliagvallgwhyavnhgdemvpelprtdplasiritpsmrasakyfwvvialflvqillgattahyqvegqeaygfaladilpyaltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyiapaisghepkfqrlgvnvlwvcliaivvgsftgqwfavmqkmglahnfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfiglilwltlvgralwpairhggesrsivsllflsvvaigifyaaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgllqvrtatiavlfatvvfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptsvialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayqsyrlgrstpwmqrykwpimffiavafwnlvgaglfgflinpplplyymqglnltanhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpgvewneralkvsfwslniglagmsaftllplgilqlnavldhgywyarsaefmqqpliemlvwmrvpadtlfsvgavalawfvlrlwiapkqaslpvdavgisaakr
>Azospirillum_sp._B510  coded_by=complement(253425..254774),organism=Azospirillum sp. B510,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
mkyesqkvalyyfaaamglfgvqilvgllagtvyvlpntlsellpfniirmihtnalivwlligffgaayylvpeeaetelhspklalvqlglfvfgalaavvgyvfrihegrefleqplwikaaivvvalmflynitltvlkgrrtvitnillvgmwgialfflfsfynpanlsldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelvlasilaflmikmtgvdrevvekwlyamvglalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvfafmmvwksgrrhpnraamlwslgcavfaffgaglwgflhtlapinyythgtqvtaahghlafygayaminlaiityampylrgrapynqtlniwsfwlmsggmafmtfaltaagivqthlqrvmgmgymevqeqiamfywlrlgggvavgigvllylyavfgpareerpvsvakglqaae
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_MolK2  coded_by=complement(568936..571272),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum MolK2,definition=nitric oxide reductase (subunit b) protein
mlrrlrrrlifpnrtlarhfmktnhglwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqvergqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqgirahqqygaagpltapeqaavdaavkeemrrntydasrgsvtvskeralairevaqhfealfgtdpslaelrsqyamatgalpaqadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdlsytsnwpheplvgntmtggaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwmhgagkhedeaqplasdpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffavvglmlvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepklqklgvdllfwalifivvgsivtgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwdqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlgliraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiiavgavfsalevvpltliglealqnyrrtqgaawlgaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspeivhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaagavllawyalrllrrpnarqpepvavsanatr
>Shimwellia_blattae_DSM_4481_=_NBRC_105725  coded_by=655389..656846,organism=Shimwellia blattae DSM 4481 = NBRC 105725,definition=cytochrome c oxidase-like protein, subunit I
mkisplkdplfnvkltpsmrattkyfyvvialflvqillgsmtahygvegqdffgiplsrilpytvlrswhtqlsvlwiatawlatgiyiaplisgheprfqragvnilfiallvlvvgslafgwlgtmgyldarqnfyigsqgleftnmgrmwqwllfigliiwlllvgralwpalshpsenrglitlmflaavciglfyasslmwgyrahyaiieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifcrlglvrpsaadkatlfstiiflfggilgtlhhlyftgapisviawgsifsalevvplsmvgieaahnyrllskapwvqryrwmifffvsvafwnmvgagllgfainppislyyvqglnltaahghaalfgvygllgiglmlfclrglmedhiwmdsllkwafwlmnigltmmvfltlvpvgiyqawasvdkglwyarsaevvhssvvetlvwlrvpgdilfgfgglslavfalrllmkrr
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus  coded_by=37345..39585,organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfvdlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvendtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepptpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=127581..129899,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing
miggsrvallevpqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwsiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwamnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=151091..153376,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipgevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeeneppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflvaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Staphylococcus_aureus_S94  coded_by=complement(192732..195023),organism=Staphylococcus aureus S94,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglacmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Azoarcus_sp._CIB  coded_by=complement(1492314..1493696),organism=Azoarcus sp. CIB,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyssqsvalpyfiaaiglfvgqiifglamglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyflipeeaetelyspklallmfwifliagaatilgyllvpystlaemtgnnllatmgrefleqplitkvgivivalaflfnitmtmlkgrktvisivllmglwglaifflfsfynpgnlvkdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaailafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgligtghhyfwigtpeywqwlgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghmafygayvlvvltiisyampllrgraansersqvcemwafwlmtismvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmsfmavqdqialfywmrlwagvvfaaglvtylasffvkgeskpliha
>Thauera_phenylacetica_B4P  coded_by=complement(13782..15167),organism=Thauera phenylacetica B4P,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqyksqavampyfiaaiglfvgqiifglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeetetelfspklalamfwiflvagaltivgyllvpystlasmtgndilatmgrefleqplltkigivivalaflfnitmtvlkgrktvisivlllglwglaifflfsfynpvnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgiigtghhyfwigtpeywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyfthgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvlttisyampilrgraansekaqvlemwafwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmsfmatqdqlmlfywmrewagvmffvgllvylasffvkgeakavaarg
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(1811458..1813686),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mlfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrakaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Campylobacter_gracilis_RM3268  coded_by=complement(70370..72607),organism=Campylobacter gracilis RM3268,definition=arginyl-tRNA synthetase
maefkrlwmalvavlivgfsflgfyggevyrqsppvvkftdasgaelisteriyrgqeawqsiggmqvgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafmdikaqerfgakfdalsdeqkaqikaltkaeyrtntvkdgavklsddrlkamavvkdeymgvfgndprfkklredyamkentlaneqhraelvdfifwtawavstdrpsgeatytnnwpheplidnvpttenvvwtiaslvilltgigllvwfgnfygkkdedfeapaklnadpiaalaltpsqkalgkylfvavalfafqafiggfvahytiegqsffgldlsqyipyslartwhvqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfyallflvvgsfageymaiagkmdpsssfwighqgyeyldlgriwqlilfvglviwmvlvlrgfiagfraegdknllaiftasviavglfygaglfygqrspipvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfaslglvskkfatytsiasasifliggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgseafhyyklqfaqdwakrlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinpplalfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflalgfvwlvalyiykdknfddtlmkigfwalnaglllmvlisllpvgilqafaaidvgmwyarsaeflqkdslyglrwariigdtiflvgsvcfllqivrmifsrak
>Campylobacter_gracilis  coded_by=966210..968447,organism=Campylobacter gracilis,definition=nitric oxide reductase, monomeric type
maefkrlwmalvavlivgfsflgfyggevyrqsppvvkftdasgaelisteriyrgqeawqsiggmqvgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelvafmdikaqerfgakfdalsdeqkaqikaltkaeyrtntvkdgavklsddrlkamavvkdeymgvfgndprfkklredyamkentlaneqhraelvdfifwtawavstdrpsgeatytnnwpheplidnvpttenvvwtiaslvilltgigllvwfgnfygkkdedfeapaklnadpiaalaltpsqkalgkylfvavalfafqafiggfvahytiegqsffgldlsqyipyslartwhvqasifwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfyallflvvgsfageymaiagkmdpsssfwighqgyeyldlgriwqlilfvglviwmvlvlrgfiagfraegdknllaiftasviavglfygaglfygqrspipvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfaslglvskkfatytsiasasifliggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgseafhyyklqfaqdwakrlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinpplalfyiqglnttavhahtalfgvygflalgfvwlvalyiykdknfddtlmkigfwalnaglllmvlisllpvgilqafaaidvgmwyarsaeflqkdslyglrwariigdtiflvgsvcfllqivrmifsrak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=42726..44072,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (Nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit) (NOR large subunit)
mryetqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagaavvgylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyivhlwvegvwelimasilaflmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstvevapfftmviftvqmtlkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayavpqlrqrapynqwlsiasfwimctammvmtfaltfagilqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlamfywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrakqavipgalqpae
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=complement(241821..244088),organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=putative membrane protein
mkttrlwvglitvmiiafavlgyygneiyqtvppipeqvitedrtvvftkqdiqdgqniwqsmggqevgsvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrelvwildkwstteykkkysdldietqaalkarlqnmirtntynvytgditispiraeaiaavssyyialfgddpnmsrlrdsyalktntiedldrarkltafffwaswatstnrpgsdityttnwppedlvgnrppsslliwsvlsfvlllagigtlawyyaahkrekeseeypdtdpllalnptpsmkatvkyfwivavllivqiglgiltahytvegsgvygfplskwlpysvtrtwhlqlgifwiatawlatglfispavsrhepkyqsfgvnflficlliivvgslagewlgvmqkldltinfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqlfltiglflwlflmvraiwpalsqarenksllllfllattaipsfyipgliwgqhtnmgiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrmgllrvttantsvlfstiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtplavmalgatfsalevvplvlvsfeayenltlskakpwvsaykwpiyffvsvafwnlvgaglfgffinppialyymqglnttsvhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfslkgltgqhvwkttplkfsfwainiglalmvlisvlpvgimqtwasveygmwyarsadflrsdiiknfqwfrivgdtifaigaivlgwfviglklgwsltkehdkivenr
>Capnocytophaga_ochracea_str._Holt_25  coded_by=34634..36877,organism=Capnocytophaga ochracea str. Holt 25,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpeeeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelatyytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnddvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Capnocytophaga_ochracea_F0287  coded_by=31522..33765,organism=Capnocytophaga ochracea F0287,definition=hypothetical protein
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpeeeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelatyytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnddvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Neisseria_mucosa_C102  coded_by=176124..178379,organism=Neisseria mucosa C102,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidtalgfemadwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiippelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgtdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwafwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Neisseria_mucosa  coded_by=126063..128318,organism=Neisseria mucosa,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidtalgfemadwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthiippelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgtdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwafwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Duganella_sp._Root198D2  coded_by=129083..131353,organism=Duganella sp. Root198D2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatkklwtwlaiicllsfsvlgwvgreiylkappiaqvvddtgavlytadqvkygqsawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsylapdwsadwlhreavalqdlfarknfskdyaqleagakahvdalvkgelrtntynaeanevklsairaeavrtvanhytglfgnaeqydklreqyamapntlpeatdrtaltgfffwsswaaaadrpgevglsytsnwpheplidntptagagiwsiasiilmigaiagmlfyhgmhkeeddpvppkndplfsmkatpsmkatkkyflvviglilaqvgmgvitahfavegssffgiplanvlpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgaepkfqklgtdvlfyallfivvgstatgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqillfvgllfwafllgrglwpalkkpsesrgiiamvflaalciggfyatsltwgkgthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraasansaiiletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviaigamfsalevvplsligieayrnykrsqsapwlasykwailcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglvdrfawsdkllasmfwflniglammvfislvpagiyqaaaaitkgmwyarspevvhstfmetavwlrvpgdivfaigclflalfalrligkakkeetvaegvalen
>Duganella_sp._Root336D2  coded_by=122657..124927,organism=Duganella sp. Root336D2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mhatkklwtwlaiicllsfsvlgwvgreiylkappiaqvvddtgavlytadqvkygqsawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsylapdwsadwlhreavalqdlfarknfskdyaqleagakahvdalvkgelrtntynaeanevklsairaeavrtvanhytglfgnaeqydklreqyamapntlpeatdrtaltgfffwsswaaaadrpgevglsytsnwpheplidntptagagiwsiasiilmigaiagmlfyhgmhkeeddpvppkndplfsmkatpsmkatkkyflvviglilaqvgmgvitahfavegssffgiplanvlpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgaepkfqklgtdvlfyallfivvgstatgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqillfvgllfwafllgrglwpalkkpsesrgiiamvflaalciggfyatsltwgkgthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlgliraasansaiiletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviaigamfsalevvplsligieayrnykrsqsapwlasykwailcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglvdrfawsdkllasmfwflniglammvfislvpagiyqaaaaitkgmwyarspevvhstfmetavwlrvpgdivfaigclflalfalrligkakkeetvaegvalen
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR6137  coded_by=92531..94819,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR6137,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawsdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Sphingobium_baderi_LL03  coded_by=complement(186711..188954),organism=Sphingobium baderi LL03,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgeyrklwwtliavlavtfsilgfygtefyrkpppipaqvvsasgtvlmtrgdildgqtawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhrelttwldltaqetagkpfdalqpgeqakltywleqeyrrntydldtgtltvsdrraramaavadhyqrlygndpaltqqrdnyamkdntlpdparrenltdfffwtawataterpgtnatytnnwppeplisnhptpenimwslacvmiliagvgalvwgwaflrshepepqapkndpvlaigltpsqkavgkylfvvmalfvfqvflggltahytiegqgfygidlswlpyslsrtwhvqsailwiataflaaglflapvinggkdpkyqalgvhilfaallivvvgsfagnyfaiaqtmppelnfwlghqgyeyldlgrlwqialfigilfwlglmlramipalrgdgdknliallcvsvvaiglfygsglfygerthitimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfattalafifssmglvsrriataaaltsaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgyeawehwsyrtrapwmqrvkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmintpvalfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflslgfvllilrylrseilfnerlmktgfwalnaglvlmiftsllpvglfqfqastsvgmwyarsdtflqqpfletlrwirtfgdvvfiigavavawqvvilglwrkgara
>Fulvivirga_imtechensis_AK7  coded_by=complement(3828..6182),organism=Fulvivirga imtechensis AK7,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mlitkktnamkykklwigfilvmvlsfavlgyygieiyreappipeqvvttngellftgqdikdgqnvwqsiggqevgsiwghgayvapdwsadwlhreatfilhawsqqefnrpydqaneeqqamltarlqkqirentfdpatgdltifpmraaaisaisnhytslftddaeledlrdayaipantvkdpermrklnafffwaawtcttnrpgsditytnnwpaedlvgnkptsslilwtgfsvilllagigllawyyaanrddeidhanlpekdpllglqptpsmkatlkyfwivtalivvqvilgattahygvegtafygfplaeflpysltrtwhvqlgifwiatswlatglfiapavsghepkyqklgvnvlfiallvivagsmigqwygimqrlgfetnfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflfaglfiwlalmvrgiwpafhtqkegrhllgmflissaaialfygaglmwgrqtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrmgllrvqlatatvlfstiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavlalgatfsalevvplvligfeayhnltisratkwikaykwpiycfiavafwnlvgagifgflinppialyymqglnttpvhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlkglaarhvwkdgtikfafwsiniglalmvlisvlpiglaqtwasvkyglwyarsaefmqepamdtlrwlrvigdtifaigvlalgwfviglktgwsvkgevdlsdhdyprvvpdgkgkgkeialeev
>Saccharicrinis_fermentans_DSM_9555_=_JCM_21142  coded_by=complement(4353..6596),organism=Saccharicrinis fermentans DSM 9555 = JCM 21142,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mntkklwigftlvmvisfgvlgyygreiyrqappipekvvtsngtvlftgqnirdgqniwqsmggqevgtiwghgayqapdwtadwlhkeavyllnrfaqiefscdykdlneeeqamlqvrlqkemrtnsydkhtqtlhisalraeaikavsshyaglfmddekladlreayaipansikdkdrmfkmntfffwatwatvterpgqevtytnnwpaeklvgnvptgslhlwtgfsviilllgigllawyyatrreeheeganvpavnplsgikqtpsmkatlkyfwvvtalilvqimmgvitahygvegngfyglpladilpysisrtwhiqlaifwiatswlatglfiapavsgkepkfqklgvdilfvallvivlgslagqwmgimqklglsenfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiflflglfiwlflmgrallpalkehnenrhllwmfliasiaiaafygaglmwgqqthlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaflfvrmqllkasvatssvlfstiiflsggilgtfhhlyfsgtptsvlalgatfsalevaplvfmgfeayhnlklsrvkewvsaykwpiyffiavafwnllgagifgflinppialyymqglnttpvhghtamfgvygflgiglmlfvlrdmditlkwkekpikiafwamniglllmvlisvlpvglaqtvasvkyglwyarsaeflgtpametlrwlraigdtifaigavylayfifglkggwsltk
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_7169  coded_by=176022..178298,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 7169,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB
mgeykkhwwgliitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadygkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgsgmgsdntvvlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikltvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskriatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdapitd
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_7169  coded_by=303..2579,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 7169,definition=NorB
mgeykkhwwgliitliiafillgwggfeiyrttppipdkfvdssgqtlitkqdildgqsawqstggmqlgsvyghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlnikaqadygkafdeltsiekmglqqqlkeeyrgsgmgsdntvvlsdtriaainqvapyyidlygdtpelassresfamknntlpdltarqnlahfyfwtawtssanrpgtvatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvmwsiasvvfllagiglliwgwaflhkqeeddikltvpkqdplslieltpsqkalakyaflvvalfvvqiflggfvahytiegqdfygipvsdfipyslartwhiqsalfwiataflaiglfvtpiihggkdpkyqklgvdllwvaliivvvgsyigqylaiahimpahlnfwfghqgyefidlgrfwqilkwvgvlfwlvlmlrgvlagfkgegdknllfifvasvvcvglfygsglfygehtpiaimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvsiafifynlglvskriatgssiasaalfllggvpgtfhhlyftgtttpimaigasfsalevvplivlgyegyehwsmqrhakwmerlkwpvlcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislfylqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgfvllivrylrpeyrfsdklmktgfwglnlglllmiftsllpigiyqayasiteglwyarsegflqqdfletlrwvrtfgdvvfiiggvsialqvvklvfgqspkhpkhdapitd
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_PW8  coded_by=complement(2368116..2370407),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae PW8,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfavllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreativldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_NH44784-1996  coded_by=4264909..4267194,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans NH44784-1996,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalraqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdasrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtpvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Desulfovibrio_sp._X2  coded_by=8996..11329,organism=Desulfovibrio sp. X2,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mqsaqqppkkpqgpapqasgglspwwrqgviltliigfslqiwiaaksyqgappipervvdsagatvftgddvragqevflryglmengsiwghgaylgpdfsaaylhdlgmdaandlaqqsygagyatlpdnereivqarasallrenrydpadgilhftdeetaafkreiarwtayfaaptdngglsrkfidnpvdlkdltaffawtawasiadrpgetfsytnnfpyepmlgnrptdsavlwsalslitllaatalvlfsfgrfsylgwkgtgehvhphmlpggggptqratikffvavsllflaqtlmggatahfradpgsfygldlsavfpsnilrtwhlqsaifwiasafvagglvlgsalggqtepkgqvagvhalfwalvvviagsllgellgihqvfgnlwswfgdqgweyldlgrfwqillavglvgwvvmllravkpalgdperreltslyllaavaiplfylpafffgsttnftivdnwrfwiihlwvegffelfvtvmvavtfhrlglvtrqtaarviyldailflgsgivgtghhwywtgqtnlnmalsalfsamevvpltlltldawdfvsltrsrcdvcgervdiphkwtfyflmavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyfevgtlltpnhghgalmgvfgmeamalmvlafrqvlsdeqwagpvkwvrvsfwglnaglalmllgslfpggvlqfldvlqngywharslaytgggmaralewarlpgdlvfiflgalpmvvaacmtyarmrrgpapsavkev
>Acaryochloris_marina_MBIC11017  coded_by=461361..463655,organism=Acaryochloris marina MBIC11017,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manpaldttvatnlrsrrpsmglpawlalicivtftvlltagaaiyknappipaqivspqqetiltqaeiqtgqetylarggqhigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdpdfsqadfeqlsevdratlivqvqqdfkanrydahsdtlaltsaqtqglqrvfedyqtllsqgssihsipsgwfpdegqihsvtaffswtawaasanrpnapfsytanfphddlignqapgqfliwsivsvvvliaaiafflfvyiiqedaedvqpvairpdirlatpsqkvttlffgvamilflvqilmgmvtahyavegdgfygvpiqqfmpyaasrtwhlqiavfwiatcwlaaglyfgprfgkhepkfqswgnggllaaltvvvvgsllgtwagvqgwlgdksfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralkpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmysnhtplsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrstalkatylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfitamgsvasalevvpltligfevvkslklskeaqgfyrlplkffiatcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahsalygvygslaialmlfalreitpdhawdeknfnfsfwwingglvimmvfglipngfyqlvqsinhgtwyarsaevinsawmhwtvwlripgdmvfavgalvlvmsvgraviaiwqqptqaqplrdp
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21320  coded_by=complement(32923..35214),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21320,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkykv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21337  coded_by=complement(191473..193764),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21337,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkykv
>Achromatium_sp._WMS3  coded_by=6880..>8167,organism=Achromatium sp. WMS3,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mclkyqtqsvakpyfiasiilfavqisfglilglqyvigdflfpelpfniirmahtntmifgllfgfmgaayyivpeeaetellapwlawlifglftitvivtiasylaipysqlveltkdklfptmgreymeqptivklaisvlnllfiiniwgttlkgkktginsliilglfisallflfslynptnlvlnkfywwwmahfwfeavwlliisamlafvliritginrdivekwlyiiatmifvtgfisighhyywigapkywqwwgsafslmqpiplflialfvftmvrkrqiehpnkaallwvtgtaviaflgaglwglihtlapinyfthgtqievaythiaiygayamtifmmisyamptlrnrkanneraqvvemwsfwlltlsmvfatifltiagvlqvymqrytdvpqpfmvvqeriaffy
>Caulobacter_sp._Root1472  coded_by=complement(665366..667687),organism=Caulobacter sp. Root1472,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msdyasefsirrlwiifgasmaimfgallwfggeiyhtkppmpsvvrsasgqvvytgaevrrgqavwqstggmqqgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhrealalrdrltnssyaaltepdqarigallkremrtggydprtaaitvsdqrasaiaatavhfeglftnrtpadqhlrelyampqnatltgteahelgafffwtawaaaaerpgktitytsnwpheplvgntptgaiflwtfisifvllagigalvwyyarefdvwrrdtepvegfatsdlfgsatitpsmratakyfvvvaamffaqvllgivtahyavegqglyglpmaeyfpyavtrtwhtqlsvlwiatawlatglyvapllggrepkfqrlgvnflfvsllvivvgsfagewaainrhlgagtanfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqiylfvglllwvvlvlrgiwpalreksgrslvflvaiatvsigllfgtglfygqhthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataivsalfvkmglvrmsvaatsvllatiiflgggvlgmfhhiyfsgtptavialgsvfsalevvplmvvgfeaynrlkfehrhgwqeayrwpfafftsvlvwnlvgaglfgffinpplalyymqglnttathahaalfgvygmlgigltlfcmrglsdparwnngllatsfwclniglammvllslfpqgllqayqsftrdyayarsaevihsplmqalvwmrvpgdlvftvgvaafiifmvgalfgrhrqddtadtplpdlepvvvrgg
>Mycobacterium_xenopi_RIVM700367  coded_by=1908..4238,organism=Mycobacterium xenopi RIVM700367,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
matqatpsrhageatpqpligkgwvqgvalvmifgflvlgilvyrtytasmplpdkvvtqagrllfskddithgqelyqarglmeygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatdnvanqwrtqgvtdrdrvvtefrtnrynpdtktlvftdqqaqafddiqmhyaayfgenttkyglrprmitnqaeihdltsffawtawasaaqrpghnysytnnwppekrvdngptaqvvvwsalslvallggigilfavygrwsqqvgwhgeqastlsfrepgevtltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtlvgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarilpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfiarreprrqswlaygllaavalvvfgslitealsiygvvpkgslfsqqweyldlprlwqilliigmflwiaiiwrgmrarlrgesklnmpwlfffaglaipvfyaigllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqsgdarpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhghaalmgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarisfwgmniglawmvfgtllplgvlqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnsliewlrmpgdiilivggvlpfiyialtalryfrfgsaaqelpehplytevapaeepsasake
>Pusillimonas_sp._T7-7  coded_by=627444..629723,organism=Pusillimonas sp. T7-7,definition=nitric oxide reductase NorB/NorZ-like protein
mreykklwwvllavlaltfavlgwsgveiyrqvppipeqvittsnkvlmtkeeildgqtawqstggmqvgsvwghgsyqapdwssdwlhrelvawlnlaaqetagvpfdeldsdrqivlknqlkneyrrntldpetgvmtvtdrraqamaqtgeyyiklygsdpefrssrsnfamkedtlpslerredlakfyfwtawaasterpnsqvtytnnwpheplidnkpstanvlwsiasvifliagiaflvwgwafthreepepvapkrdplsigpltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvllggftahytvegqtfygidvsqwfpysltrtwhlqtalfwiatgflaaglflapminggkdpkhqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsyignflaikhimpehlnfwlghqgyeylelgrvwqlvkflglafwlllmlrgmlpafkkegdknllallaastiaiglfygtglfygerthitimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifssmglvskrgatvaslasaslfmlggvpgtlhhmyfsgtttpvmaigasfsalevvplivlgyeawenwrlkerapwmeavrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmvnppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflaigftllvlryivpgfsfneklmrtgfwglngglvlmiatsllpigiiqfyasvsegmwyarseefmqqplletlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalaifwqvvlgvfrpksyaaranyvvtagae
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17029  coded_by=complement(2083336..2084676),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17029,definition=cytochrome c oxidase, subunit I
mkyqsqkvalayfsvamalfaiqvfggllagwiyvspntlsevlpfnvvrmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaerelfstklaylqlgilvigtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrrtaitnillmglwllsllwifafinpdnlgldkmywwfivhlwvegtwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpaywqwigsifstmevvpffammsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmlrgrapynqwlnmtafwlmtggmsfmtfvltfagtiqvhlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlglfyamrfgagamvvagallfiyslavvrrgapvgngvgeaa
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root480  coded_by=713080..715392,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root480,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msttrklwlglaallissfavllwvgdvvhqeapplpaavvtsegqtlytradlqegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhreamamlellardegaasfasldaaqqaalkariqpelrhntydaatdtitvsplraqamaivgahymslfsndpataklrenyamrdntiaemehrrmvtaffwwtswaaaaerpgstisytqnwpfdpvvgnvatptsfmwsifsvlfmimgigllawhharhvsdeplppipardpladlkptpsmkatakyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiapmisgyepkfqrfgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwlavmdklglehnfwfghqgweytdigrfwqiflfiglmlwvflvgralwpvmrsktatssivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylflklglirpltatvgvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtttavialgasfsvlevvplaligleaydtwkkqhvapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnlvgagmfgflvntplalyymqglnltathghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpeapwregwlrgsfwclniglslmavltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgavliavfvaslwllkdrrrpiepqvygqpvlvaverkvleea
>Arsenicicoccus_sp._oral_taxon_190  coded_by=complement(436384..438795),organism=Arsenicicoccus sp. oral taxon 190,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mslkeprttgatverghvsrrdkrwwialicvvlgsfgvllwmgkqidtnkppipahvvaadgrelftgddiihgqqvwqslggqeigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreattlldqwarqeggttydkatverqgalqarlkqelrtntydartgtvtlsgarahvfdtnaahytamfagghvhyaipkgtltdaadakdmmaffwwtswsastdapgktvtytqnwpheplidnvppadnvlwsivsfilllagiagmvwyhqahdaedrdedhvrsipskdpllgyratpsqratlkyffvvgllfmlqiacgiigahygveggalfgipidqvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvapavggreprlqrlgvnvlfgallvvvlgsmagewlsimgkmghgnalnfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrafqiglfvglflwfalmwrglapalrrakatgagldpsaeaplasgtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvghsthlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlgliraatattsvvssttiflaggiigtahhlyftgspspvlalgavfsalevvplalvgfeafrnlrllrvrewvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrewndrpikwgfwllnggllamavisllplglaqawasvqhglwyarseeflytpvltvvrwlrvpgdvifslgalaigvfmvglltghslrgraddveagevlsadkepalhe
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_PB08298010  coded_by=1989482..1991533,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei PB08298010,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapatsgreargqgplvdgvfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrppgvlav
>Propionibacterium_freudenreichii_subsp._shermanii_CIRM-BIA1  coded_by=complement(120818..123085),organism=Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. shermanii CIRM-BIA1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B (nitric-oxide reductase)
mrtytdsmpqpdrivneqgqeiisseqishgqalyqsrglqeygsvmghgaylgpdftaeylrlttdaavekytadgvqdprqavedewrtnrydentgtlvwtdqqiagyhqmvdyytdflgspttehgmfpnalepgeeiedttaffgwtawasstnrpghdysysnnwpsepnvgngptanlmiwsvlslivllggigilfavygrwsarigwhgeeapvldfrqpdevhltpsqkvsglffvvimvlffaqamvgaltehyrveltgffgidiaqilpytvsrtwhvqlsllwtaagflaagiflaplitrkepkkqgfltgvllvavaivvfgslatewlsqkgilpegslfsqqweyldlprlfqialtvgmflwmfivirtlrsklnstkktslpwlfmfsglaipmfyavgmlagsethfsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayvfvllgvvrqkmaisiimldvilyslggvvgtmhhlyfsgtsaetmafgavfsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgsrqytnrtkpfphrwavmflisvgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgsmmgvygmlalafavfvlryiipekewpekgvkwafwatniglvwmvfisllplgvaqlyqsvgkgyydaraighitdpgntlldwlrmpgdviflsgivpllwlawkalksyfskdskpvvyelmdpplyealtderiaemaaankadavpdqvspyrsdrree
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_C54  coded_by=2204422..2206707,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans C54,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgnpaaaepvlraeparr
>Tetrasphaera_japonica_T1-X7  coded_by=11084..13414,organism=Tetrasphaera japonica T1-X7,definition=Putative Nitric oxide reductase subunit B (norB)
msrvseagvppgaldgrremlvgkgwvqgvvivmlfsftvmgilvyrtytasmpvpervtttsgevlferadithgqelfqarglmqfgsvmghggylgpdftadylrratdltlaaakatgeqepsaanvqdwrtnrysadtgtlvlsdpqvaayqellpyyaryfgpeshdnglmsnaitdpgeirdltsffawtawaaaaerpghdysytnnwpaeprvdngptpdlmlwsvlslavliggtgvlfavygrwsrtigwhseeapaiafrrpgsvgltpaqratawfflviavlflaqtlvgaaaehyradlgsffgfnlnallpynlartwhvqlslfwtaagflaagifltpliagrepkgqrlltfgllgalavvvfgslgaealsifgvswaggplfgqqweyldlprvfqvlltvgmvlwivivfrgirarlrseslgnmpwlfffsalsipafyavgmlaatdtplsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekialgiifmdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgsffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlgarqeskssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglsmfalrylvpeekwsdrlagtsfwclniglawmvfatlfplgvlqfyhavgsgyfearslsfltdhrnailewgrlpgdvvfivggvlpflwlavqgvlnahkgrtvtelpqdvlftelesassggr
>Castellaniella_defragrans_65Phen  coded_by=complement(2596045..2598330),organism=Castellaniella defragrans 65Phen,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mgeykklwwtligvlvvafgilgwmgkevynqappipaqvvttdgkvlmteaqildgqsawqsaggmtvgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldlaaeqqygmkfsqldgdaqavlqrrlkeeyrkntydaatgavtvsdrraqaiaetaayydklfgddaslhesrkhfamkeatlpspeararlanfffwtawaastdrpgsvasytnnwpheplidnvptaeniiwsvmsviiliagvgllvwgwafthkehddagpvpardpvlqipltasqralgkylflvvalfvsqifiggftahytvegqtfyginvsqwlpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaiglfvapilnggkdpkhqklgvdvlfwalvlvvvgsftgnfaaiahllpaewnfwlghqgyeyvelgrlwqigkflgivfwlflmlrgivpafkqkgdknllalfsasvvciglfygaglaygekthlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataalafifstmglvskrgatiaslssavlfmlggtpgtlhhlyfsgtttpimaiaasfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlkdrapwmenlrwplkffvavafwnmlgagvfgfmvnppialyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftlfvlrylrpnmqfneslmktafwcmniglvmmislsllpiglmqfhasysvgtwwargevfmqqeilqtlrwtrtfgdvvfivgglgvmwqvvtalldgkaapapatdaglaaqrt
>Pseudomonas_alcaligenes_OT_69  coded_by=complement(24711..26129),organism=Pseudomonas alcaligenes OT 69,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtpgnpylkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfafmgaayylipeeadrelyspklaivlfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglakmtgnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvalgflfnigmtllkgrktavsvvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrehpnkaaslwalgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrgigeapdaraqsleiwgfwlmtismllitllltaagivqiwlqrmpadgaalpfmatvdqlkvffwlrlyagvgfliglicylfsfrqrgrvavgevqmn
>Anaeromyxobacter_dehalogenans_2CP-1  coded_by=complement(2825767..2828055),organism=Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans 2CP-1,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mspkaravslfvivacftvlifggaqiskhkppiparavapsgeviftaedvalgqrqylsrggqqtgsvwghgaylapdwsadalhrtglvtaglkrgltpgaaagftqadlaalpagergrvqaevaeelrqnrydpasdtltlspgqvaaypalvayytrlfrdgndpmsipagfvpdaadakaitafffwtawaagtnrpgetftytanfpfdplvgngplpsslvwsivsmvllilgtalaifyylrlrakdpehhvkiaplqepkptpsqraalpyfavaivlfilqaalgsltghfavegnklfgidlgmllpyaatrgwhlqlavfwiatcwlatglfigpavagghepkgqkalvwtllgalvvvvvgalagtylgvrgklsgpngwlvgnqgyeyielgrvwqvaliagmllwlflvyraikpalkaeqdrgglthlllyasvsiplfysvglfytpgthiavadywrwwvvhlwvenffevfatvalafilskigavgersatrathfsillylgagiigtfhhlyftgsplfitalgatfsaleivpltllgfevyenlklarsggnatpwkwplyffvavafwnavgagvlgflinppivlyyaqglnttpihshgalfgvygflaialmlfsmrnivrtaawsdrllkiafwglnaglagmivlsllpagiyqlviavreglwyarspevtgsafihavtwarvlpdlvfvggalallgfvlraivldvklrradpadgeaatvrkaa
>Achromatium_sp._WMS1  coded_by=3314..4708,organism=Achromatium sp. WMS1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mtlkyksqavarpyfvaaivlftiqilfglilglqyvvgdflfpelpfniarmvhtntmifwimfgfmgaayymipeeaetellapwlawlifwlflftilatiasylfvpyarlvelthdarlpstmgreymeqptiaklaisilsvlfliniwgttlkgrktsinglmlfglfsstllftlsfynptnlvlnkfywwwtvhfwfegtwaitmlamlgfvfiritgidrdiiekwlymiatmiivtasisigrhyywigtpqywqwwgsafsllqfipllmlasfgfnmirnrqyehpnkaallwaigsimvsllgagflgllhklapinyyshgtqidvaynhiaiygayamtnlmmisyampiirgqktnsdkaqslemwsfwlmtismtfmtvslviagvlqiyrqrytsipqpfmavqehisffywlreffgiiflvgfmvylysifikpricknkdqs
>Rhodanobacter_sp._116-2  coded_by=complement(58219..60516),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 116-2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msiaaqpltpedpelspwwlrtvlivmvlgfagllaitalayrnappiparvvdaqgsplfsgddvrdgqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaaalhrigedtaaaiaqqqhqqplvaltpgqqaavraetavelktnrynaasdtlqltaaeaaayrqqlpywtdyflhperngglkaglitdpaelhqftafvtwaawasvanrpgenysytnnfpydpavgnipvpgallwsalslivllagiavvllmfgkfdylgwisrgqhihphllpgvaspgqralvkffvvvallflaqtlvggavahyradpgsfygfqletifpsnlmrtwhlqtavfwiatayvaaalflgrtlrsdeprwfapwvhllfgafvvviggsllgewlgisqmlgkwwfwlgnqgweflelgriwqlllvvgllvwfallwllvrprtlanpeskplvkmflfaavaipvfyipalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldgilyflggligtghhwyftgqtsvnmalsamisvlevvpltlltldawdfvrttrghceicgksvavphrwtfyfliavgvwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyevgtqltpnhghaammgvfgmlalalmvfvlrqtssderwagmekyvrtgfwgtniglammvvfslfpsgvlqvwdviqhgywharaldyiasprshliewmrlpgdlvfiifgaipltiaavkgwlgvratppsd
>Rhodanobacter_sp._2APBS1  coded_by=complement(52637..54934),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 2APBS1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msiaaqpltpedpelspwwlrtvlivmvlgfagllaitalayrnappiparvvdaqgsplfsgddvrdgqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaaalhrigedtaaaiaqqqhqqplvaltpgqqaavraetavelktnrynaasdtlqltaaeaaayrqqlpywtdyflhperngglkaglitdpaelhqftafvtwaawasvanrpgenysytnnfpydpavgnipvpgallwsalslivllagiavvllmfgkfdylgwisrgqhihphllpgvaspgqralvkffvvvallflaqtlvggavahyradpgsfygfqletifpsnlmrtwhlqtavfwiatayvaaalflgrtlrsdeprwfapwvhllfgafvvviggsllgewlgisqmlgkwwfwlgnqgweflelgriwqlllvvgllvwfallwllvrprtlanpeskplvkmflfaavaipvfyipalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldgilyflggligtghhwyftgqtsvnmalsamisvlevvpltlltldawdfvrttrghceicgksvavphrwtfyfliavgvwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyevgtqltpnhghaammgvfgmlalalmvfvlrqtssderwagmekyvrtgfwgtniglammvvfslfpsgvlqvwdviqhgywharaldyiasprshliewmrlpgdlvfiifgaipltiaavkgwlgvratppsd
>Rhodanobacter_denitrificans  coded_by=2460284..2462581,organism=Rhodanobacter denitrificans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msiaaqpltpedpelspwwlrtvlivmvlgfagllaitalayrnappiparvvdaqgsplfsgddvrdgqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaaalhrigedtaaaiaqqqhqqplvaltpgqqaavraetavelktnrynaasdtlqltaaeaaayrqqlpywtdyflhperngglkaglitdpaelhqftafvtwaawasvanrpgenysytnnfpydpavgnipvpgallwsalslivllagiavvllmfgkfdylgwisrgqhihphllpgvaspgqralvkffvvvallflaqtlvggavahyradpgsfygfqletifpsnlmrtwhlqtavfwiatayvaaalflgrtlrsdeprwfapwvhllfgafvvviggsllgewlgisqmlgkwwfwlgnqgweflelgriwqlllvvgllvwfallwllvrprtlanpeskplvkmflfaavaipvfyipalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldgilyflggligtghhwyftgqtsvnmalsamisvlevvpltlltldawdfvrttrghceicgksvavphrwtfyfliavgvwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyevgtqltpnhghaammgvfgmlalalmvfvlrqtssderwagmekyvrtgfwgtniglammvvfslfpsgvlqvwdviqhgywharaldyiasprshliewmrlpgdlvfiifgaipltiaavkgwlgvratppsd
>Acidovorax_delafieldii_2AN  coded_by=5094..6521,organism=Acidovorax delafieldii 2AN,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mpttlkyqsqsvaklyfiaalglftgqilfgltlglqyvigdlmfpaipfniarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayfmvpeesetelyspllakvlfwiflaagaltilgyllvpyaklaemtgndllatmgrefleqplptkvgivvvalgflfnismtvlkgrktaislvllmglwglalmflfsfvnpsnlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegtwelimasllafvlikttgvdrevidkwmymiiafalisgilgtghhfyfiglpgywhwvggvfsalepipffmmtlfafnmvqrrrrehpnqaavlwavgtavigflgagvwgfihtlspvnyythgsqvtaahghlafygayvlvvlalisysmpllrgreanpmraqraemwsfwimsigmavmvlalsgagilqvwlqrmpttgamsfmatqdqlvffywvrvsggvmflaglltylssffigpaaneqevaaipggrtqra
>Marinobacter_sp._BSs20148  coded_by=3301625..3303040,organism=Marinobacter sp. BSs20148,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqilfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyylvpeeaqtelyspllawilfwvfavagtltilgylfvdyatladvtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkiglalvfvgflfnilmtalkgrktvvniilitgligltvlwmfsfynpenlttdkyywwfvihmwvegvwelimgailafvlikitgvdreviekwlyiiiamalitgiigtghhffwigpseywlwlgsvfgaleplpffmmvlfaftminrrkrnhpnkaatlwamgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahahmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsnkaqvvemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltgagilqiwlqrmpesgealsfmvtqdkiamfywarltagcffsvglvvylcsffikgqasfddevrgpalqda
>Marinobacter_psychrophilus  coded_by=3289884..3291299,organism=Marinobacter psychrophilus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyesqrvampyfifalilfagqilfglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgatyylvpeeaqtelyspllawilfwvfavagtltilgylfvdyatladvtmnkllptmgrefleqptitkiglalvfvgflfnilmtalkgrktvvniilitgligltvlwmfsfynpenlttdkyywwfvihmwvegvwelimgailafvlikitgvdreviekwlyiiiamalitgiigtghhffwigpseywlwlgsvfgaleplpffmmvlfaftminrrkrnhpnkaatlwamgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahahmafygayvmivltiisyampimrgrpygnsnkaqvvemwgfwlmtismvfitlfltgagilqiwlqrmpesgealsfmvtqdkiamfywarltagcffsvglvvylcsffikgqasfddevrgpalqda
>Halorubrum_terrestre_JCM_10247  coded_by=<1..2080,organism=Halorubrum terrestre JCM 10247,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
gsilgngayygedytaetlelktqhmreyyadaeygaaydaldsgeqsridaivrdeldqshdggdvveysaaelyahervretyveryhegdhdrgvpvemigseeeaeafadfalwtawfshtdrpnadhsytnewpyspgagndatgsamiwsviamvllvgaagaaillyksvklpepssagisvpepgdvsvfpsqraalrfipiaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgiervfgihilqllpfsiaktwhidlgilwiastwlgaglflpplltghepkrqgtyvsvllgalvvvvvggmggiwlgangylpgelwwllgnegleylevgkvwqagllagfilwailairglkplldreppyglahmilyaggsitllfvagfmftpstniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmgtgvigvshhywwigmpdywvpigsvfstlellplifilyeaigqyramretgfpyklpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlsidperwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqldvaftesyaaarslafyerdivqtlfwarlpgdtliiagtavyvadlirkrfvlraseddpsvddmavaegivgddd
>Lysobacter_arseniciresistens_ZS79  coded_by=58944..61247,organism=Lysobacter arseniciresistens ZS79,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdttrrlwlglgallivsfgimlwmgrdlyqtappipeqvvaengqvlytradidagrqvwqsigghhngsiwghgallapdwsaewlhreaiammdirarqqfgstyaelekpeqarleqqirpllrtntydpqtgtitvsderavaiaevaahymsvfsndpatadlreayalrenpvpdmehrrqmtafffwaswatvterldddtglsythnfpheplvgnkpsassfmwsmfsilfmiagiallawhyavwhskepkiepplkdpslsivvtpsmravgkyfwlvmalfltqillgattahyqvegqeayglalsevlpyaltrtwhtelailwiatawlatglylapaisgheprfqrlgvnflfvcliiivvgafagqwfavmqklglennfwfghqgweytdigrfwqvflfiglllwlalmgralwpalrrknettsiaglfflstvaiallyaaglmwrenthisiitywrfwivhlwvegffevfavavisfifvklglvrgksatinvlfativfmaggvlgmfhhlyfagvttgiiavgasisalevvplaligmeaydtwkngratpwmqrykwpilffiavsfwnlvgagllgflintplalyymqgtnltaahghtalfgvygmlgiglmlyclrgmrperrwlngllsgafwsfniglalmtvltllpmgvlqleanltqgywyarsaefmnraiidvlvwlrvpgdtilavgaflvalfvmslwlgprpvsepsreqerlarrsgvneg
>Rhodopirellula_europaea_SH398  coded_by=68620..70953,organism=Rhodopirellula europaea SH398,definition=nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mkrlwmafaavmivsflilgwigtriyqemppipdkyvttdgvtlidsgevgegqnvwqslggmqvgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhresvfildkwssaefsqpfaqldserqaqlsgrlsdlmrtntfdessgivtidplraeafnanvdhyrtvfidgnadyaipansisseerlrkfsafvfwtswaasttrpndiasytnnwpheplvgnrptgdnivwtgvsvimllagisgmawwyasrreeeekpdsipsydplsrwqatpsqkatikyfwivaalifaqmglgivtahygvegegfygfplaeylpysvsrtwhvqiglfwiatawlasglfigplvsnhepkfqrlgvnvlfgalllvvvgslagewlsvknymsdtvsfylghqgyeyvelgrvwqiglmvglllwlvlmlrvlwpalrqkgdpnsteansqrhlvallavatgaialfygagltwgqhshltmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviafvfmrlnlvrpglaaaaallaatiflsggiigtlhhlyfsgtptvalawgsvfsalevvpltligfdamedlrrsksspwvqrykwpiyffvsvavwnmigagifgfminppialyymqglnttplhahaalfgvygmlgiglmlmclrvlipgrpwkdgmlkigfwgmniglaamcllsllpvgllqtkasvesgywfarssefmqtdlmqtlrwmrvpgdtifflgavalvwfifglwtghsfskkpdgfdppenegedtseaigalerepalms
>Rhodanobacter_sp._Root627  coded_by=800393..801763,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. Root627,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryksqsvaywyfavamalfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllyilpfdvtktihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelysvklalwqlvlwsvmglatifgylfrygtgnklleqplpskivivivmlmflynifmtikrsgrftttegvlmgglglaallylpallhyqnyvvsiffrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagiigtahhyywvgvphywlpiggvfsalepvalvgmavyayyairrsgmqhpnvlalhwtvgsavftlfgagllglahtfpsvnkwthgtmitamhghaafygayvmivlamivyalpsltsgrreagspigywafwmqlggmfgmtlsfgtagiaqvylerilglgyldtqlkiqihfvmliatasvfvlgvilfiydffrfppnfvvndearqrklepvapda
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_3872  coded_by=8937..10547,organism=Lactobacillus fermentum 3872,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqtrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=681475..683775,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
malleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(912561..914861),organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
malleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(549155..551455),organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
malleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_FRC41  coded_by=127534..129834,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis FRC41,definition=nitric oxide reductase
malleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_C231  coded_by=127527..129827,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis C231,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
malleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_3/99-5  coded_by=127534..129834,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis 3/99-5,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
malleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Novosphingobium_pentaromativorans_US6-1  coded_by=complement(25809..28112),organism=Novosphingobium pentaromativorans US6-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
msntrklwiwlfallatsfavlllvgrdisiqapplpervvtqsgqtlftradmqlgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhresialldlwarrdfgqgydnlgpeqqaglqrrlqtemrtnsydpqteaitvsddraaaintvaghyvslfgndpataelrenyamknntvpdeayrtamtrffwwtawaatterperettytnnwpseplvgnrppsttfiwsafsvtfllagiallgwhhamthgrretphdlpasdplrdvvvtpsmratakyfwvvlalflvqiflgamtahyqvegqlvygyeaaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglymapaisgyeprfqafgvnilwaclliivigsfagqwlavmqklglernfwfghqgfeyvdmgrfwqwflfiglmiwlvlvgralwpalrtnseskhitmlfflstvaiglfygaallwnehsalsmieywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlglipiptatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfvgtsisvlalgasfsalevvplayigyegyahwklssatpwmqrykwpvrfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgvglvlfclrgmlpnlvwderalrisfwcfniglalmalltllplgtiqliaaidkgywyarsaefmqqplvdllvwmrvpgdvvfsigalalawfvaslwlrprrepdalptaheektethaarsn
>Novosphingobium_pentaromativorans_US6-1  coded_by=4858..7161,organism=Novosphingobium pentaromativorans US6-1,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
msntrklwiwlfallatsfavlllvgrdisiqapplpervvtqsgqtlftradmqlgrqvwqsmggmqlgsiwghggyvapdwsadwlhresialldlwarrdfgqgydnlgpeqqaglqrrlqtemrtnsydpqteaitvsddraaaintvaghyvslfgndpataelrenyamknntvpdeayrtamtrffwwtawaatterperettytnnwpseplvgnrppsttfiwsafsvtfllagiallgwhhamthgrretphdlpasdplrdvvvtpsmratakyfwvvlalflvqiflgamtahyqvegqlvygyeaaeilpysitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgtglymapaisgyeprfqafgvnilwaclliivigsfagqwlavmqklglernfwfghqgfeyvdmgrfwqwflfiglmiwlvlvgralwpalrtnseskhitmlfflstvaiglfygaallwnehsalsmieywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataviaflftrlglipiptatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfvgtsisvlalgasfsalevvplayigyegyahwklssatpwmqrykwpvrfflavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplslyymqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgvglvlfclrgmlpnlvwderalrisfwcfniglalmalltllplgtiqliaaidkgywyarsaefmqqplvdllvwmrvpgdvvfsigalalawfvaslwlrprrepdalptaheektethaarsn
>Ralstonia_sp._PBA  coded_by=complement(196457..198748),organism=Ralstonia sp. PBA,definition=nitric oxide reductase -like protein
mgeyrklwwtliavltvtfailgvsgvevyrkappiptqvvtstgqvlmthddimagqaawqstggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawldlaaqqahgktfdaldvaqkaglthqlkeeyrhnsydaatgavtvserraraialtashydqlygddlalrqmrdhyamkeatlpsaekrqklanfffwtawaasterpgtvatytnnwppeplignqptaenilwslacvviliagvgtliwgwaflrrhddtplvaaardpltlatltpsqralgkylfvvaalftfqvfiggftahytiegqsfygidvsqwfpyaltrtwhiqsavlwiataflaaglflapvihggdprhqklgvdilfwalilvvagsfignylaiaqvlpsglgfwlghqgyeyldlgrlwqialfggllfwlalmlrcmlpalrkpggdksllalltvstvaiglfygsglfygerthitimeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataaiafifasmelvskriataaslasaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpilavgaafsalevvplivlgyeawehwslrdrapwmrplrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmintpvalfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpeitfseglmrtgfwglnaglvlmiftsllpvglfqfqasvttgmwyarsaeflqqafletlrwlrtfgdvvfivgaiavawqvvilglfrtgsqthldharanrqptvr
>Pseudomonas_bauzanensis  coded_by=complement(444335..445738),organism=Pseudomonas bauzanensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyasqavakpyfafamllfvgqivfglilgtqyiigdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfafmgatyylvpeetqtelwspklgyalfwifaaagvltilgyllvpystlaeitgnkyfptmgrefleqptitkigiavvcvgfiinilmtvlkgrktvvnmvlltgliglavfwmfsfynptslvmdkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelilgailafilikttgvdrevvekwlyliiamalisgilgtghhyffigapaywlwigsifsaieplpffmmmvfafsmlkqrrrehpnkaavtwavgctimaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlaffgayamiamaiisyawpklhgnecsspqaqrleimscwvmslsmlaitllltwagwiqielqrlpesagalgymqtqdaimtvywlrlfaglgfavglgmylysflvarstredapalmsaa
>Arthrospira_platensis_C1  coded_by=complement(168936..171242),organism=Arthrospira platensis C1,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manltldrvtttggssrqfslptwlvlicivtftvlisagaaiyknappipativspqqemilsqaeiqqgqetylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagviynsnpvftqedleslpdidratlqiqvekqfktnrydpetkaltlteaqtiglqkvfedyqtwlsqgsvvhsipsgwftdntqihnvtaffawtawaasanrpnapfsytanfphddlignqappqfliwsivsvivliaaiavflfiyltqedpeevqvvterpsirlatpsqkvttlffgvamalflvqilmgmvtahyavegdgfygvplqqylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkneppgqswgngallgaltvvvvgsligawagvqgflgdksfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmyralkpalkaegsktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtplsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvtiaylcselgflkrssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtpvfitamgavasalevvpltligfevvksirlsqeaqgfyrvplkfligtcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahsalfgvygslalalmlfalreitpdhagneklfnlsfwginiglvmmmvfglipsgfyqlvqsvnhgtwyarsaevinsswmhwtvwlripgdivfslgallmvlcvlrsiiaifqqptqpqpdapltadypm
>Ferroglobus_placidus_DSM_10642  coded_by=complement(1150878..1152512),organism=Ferroglobus placidus DSM 10642,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mpeyrsqmlalpfavvalvlffvqlvaggllalyylnpdllsgianfnlirayhinalilwlfsatfaavfyltpilakrelwgqslvkllavvlvlvvigifatlplmqsgtniwianqpmlvegkeyveagrlwdififigfiivavvvlktlpspkewplalwalvigaagtfilyipgnlffksvvvseyfrwwtvhywvegslevayagaiglvlmllipdprvkkvvdkyifydvilaatsgvigqghhyfwigtptfwillggvisvleivplalmaleslriakelkqpfpnipslyfmvgilifgfigvsllgliqtwpwtnwwehgtwvtpshghecmmafamggiallylalpdltgkpidrtlvlwskrafwlmfigqvilastfglagtvqiyhywilaepwqkvlearfpfvpgivfggamvflgylhlaasmfrhllmpvegeeykpaavkksflttfdhfpflvvlavffaligttglwsfsssavlefgnlwipfalsaiayvglgvlavimasklargieyghyie
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M6190  coded_by=4618..6588,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M6190,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeclqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_libanensis  coded_by=174591..176018,organism=Pseudomonas libanensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhsprlaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivlvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigasevwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafstvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtleiwgfwmmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqpdgialpfmatvehlqvmfwarlgagvgffagllcylfsfkqrgraalrapaavvps
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL059PA2  coded_by=complement(75503..77836),organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL059PA2,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwvtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Haloarcula_argentinensis_DSM_12282  coded_by=complement(283340..285622),organism=Haloarcula argentinensis DSM 12282,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlvvmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgediregkktfqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadalelktqhmrtyyaeerygteyeslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeyeggnieysaaelyahqqvrqeyveryhegshergvpegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggdhsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsvslpepsadslsvpgpgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgveeifgvpilqllpfaiaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyinillgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgylgdlwwivgnegleylevgklwqvglfvgfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyrtmsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlrrseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_NF13  coded_by=complement(38037..>39240),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri NF13,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
aayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvpavaaaaaaa
>Hahella_chejuensis_KCTC_2396  coded_by=complement(708236..710506),organism=Hahella chejuensis KCTC 2396,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
maeyrklwwlliavlgvtfcllgffgrevyrqappiperyvnatgetiftqenildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelerwlqlaaqdvygasyaelddeqqsilrhrlkseyrrntydaesrsasvsnrraqaitdtakyysrlfsdapdlrgtresyamkentlpdaqrredltafffwtawaaatqrpdsevtytnnwpheplidnrptaenimwsivsvalliagvglliwgwaflhkhneaepaapqsdplsrfaltpsqlalgkylflivalfafqvllggftahytveghhfygldvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvavvvgsfvgnwlaiaqilppelnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgvafwlvlmlrgivnglrrpgdknllalltasviaiglfygsaffygerthlsimeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstmglvsrsmattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgyeawenwrlkarapwmenlkwpllcfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttpvhahsalfgvygflaigftllvlryirpqmvfsdrlmktgfwwlnaglalmvvaslapigllqfhasasqglwyarseifmqqdimetlrwartfgdvifiigafavglqvvrglfgesgetlqpeavad
>Ralstonia_sp._5_7_47FAA  coded_by=132220..134496,organism=Ralstonia sp. 5_7_47FAA,definition=hypothetical protein
mktnqrlwrwlglifilsfgalgylgrqiylaappiphavvtsvgevlftgeqiqrgqeawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairahqqfdtdaplttvqqaavdasvkeemrrntydanhdiltvsreraeairgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgvlpeaadrealaafffwtswaaaadrpgetdisytsnwpheplvgntmtggaavwsmvsivlllggiaamlwlhgsskheeesaplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglmlvqigmgaitahyavegesffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflsggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Ralstonia_sp._5_2_56FAA  coded_by=complement(134774..137050),organism=Ralstonia sp. 5_2_56FAA,definition=hypothetical protein
mktnqrlwrwlglifilsfgalgylgrqiylaappiphavvtsvgevlftgeqiqrgqeawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairahqqfdtdaplttvqqaavdasvkeemrrntydanhdiltvsreraeairgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgvlpeaadrealaafffwtswaaaadrpgetdisytsnwpheplvgntmtggaavwsmvsivlllggiaamlwlhgsskheeesaplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglmlvqigmgaitahyavegesffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflsggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Ralstonia_pickettii  coded_by=406065..408341,organism=Ralstonia pickettii,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mktnqrlwrwlglifilsfgalgylgrqiylaappiphavvtsvgevlftgeqiqrgqeawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairahqqfdtdaplttvqqaavdasvkeemrrntydanhdiltvsreraeairgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgvlpeaadrealaafffwtswaaaadrpgetdisytsnwpheplvgntmtggaavwsmvsivlllggiaamlwlhgsskheeesaplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglmlvqigmgaitahyavegesffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdllfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwvgnqgleytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwvvllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialiftrlglirassanraivaetivflsggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvplsliglealqnyrrtqgtpwlnaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaigalvlawyalrllrrpkaqqmeplpasaratr
>Janthinobacterium_sp._CG23_2  coded_by=complement(766122..767489),organism=Janthinobacterium sp. CG23_2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryksqsvaywyfavalslfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvlcgfmgatywvvpdesrtelhstklayiqlvlwvlmgvtaiigylfrwgtgnklleqplphkivivivmlmflynigmtikksgrltttegvllgglglaavlylpallhyenytvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywigvpsywlpiggifsalepvalvgmamyaystikrsgmahpnklalhwtvgsavftlfgagllglahtfpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityampglsrrpeegtamgywsfwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerimglgfldaqlkiqihfvmllvtgslfaigvalfiidffrfaprlgpleegdpaplapgvraa
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223429..225750),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Acidomonas_methanolica_NBRC_104435  coded_by=complement(8761..11103),organism=Acidomonas methanolica NBRC 104435,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
msdsssivrpaadpistvlkwillatgvltaalliwttaatyrgappqpgtfvsaegvvlmtdadivsgesgfqkadlmdygslygmgsyygedytasimkrlalatrdniasasdhaafaslpaerqdaitakmrsdlhhldltaptvtvpdelaaaivsiraatangllhpdrkvgwtaaeslspaladktadfliysalttvawrpgteyswtqnwpyeplvgnaptgetfiwtwasfgfvflafgvvlfiyefwlddadtevrdaellvvhpltpsqkkvwkyfllvavlllvqilvgsimahlyydrtsfygfdinryvpfnvmrdlhiqapivwiglswigaalflapviaggkeargqgwlvdalfwttvfvvvcglagnylgvlgvidgnwfwfgnqgrsyiqlgrfwqigffaglalwsvlvmralwpsvslwtraardfwsghirlehliwastvnvavlyacgmipltgieksftisdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaamtawtlmatglisrrlaergmyfeviliflggvigtghhlywagapslwipfgtmfsfievlplvllvmegishyrmikgredfryrlgtiyvigaafwnfvgagvygggllnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahsslfgafgelaigliyfclrylhaeesrfseraglwafwlyntglvlwtvlnffpigwpqllavyehgyayarsaafydktlfwqwmrlpgdvvfaagalimawdffvklapvypgwmrrlvpgakaraasratgsas
>Bacillus_licheniformis_CG-B52  coded_by=83989..86343,organism=Bacillus licheniformis CG-B52,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksilvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaeaqygkrfkqlsdekqstirnhviremrknrydrpsdtlkltgaqvyglhqvrdhyrkvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpernrawvdsedqitqvsdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirellpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkrepdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvvfsiralfhlrkpthregealpvkdiasde
>Bacillus_sp._BT1B_CT2  coded_by=complement(219013..221367),organism=Bacillus sp. BT1B_CT2,definition=hypothetical protein
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksilvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaeaqygkrfkqlsdekqstirnhviremrknrydrpsdtlkltgaqvyglhqvrdhyrkvftkgdgwglepglikeshmpernrawvdsedqitqvsdfifwtawlsstlrpgdditytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirellpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgiyaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkrepdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrniakkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvvfsiralfhlrkpthregealpvkdiasde
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_USDA_257  coded_by=4006336..4007682,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii USDA 257,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyetqkvamlyfygalglflaqilfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiaiaqfwiflvaaaiavvgyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpinlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeirgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywirlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgrslspalnqaiqpae
>blood_disease_bacterium_R229  coded_by=complement(14902..17178),organism=blood disease bacterium R229,definition=nitric oxide reductase (Subunit b) transmembrane protein
mntnrrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipheivtsggallftgeqiqrgqqawlsaggqqmgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqairaralygkasalsvseqaaidalvredmrrntfdeardtitvsperaqaihdvashfealfgsdpslatlrsqyamvtgalpdaedrkaltafffwtawatatdrpgetglsytsnwpheplvgntmssaaavwsmvsivlllagiaamlwlhggsrheeeaeplkhdpfltvlatpsmkatrkyffavvglillqigmgaitahyavegesffgfplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqigifwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkyqrlgvdllfwaliaivvgstatgwlgtlqhrgvdfsfwlgnqgleftsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvlllgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthyamieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvaliftrlglvrtasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsvisvgavfsalevvplsliglealrtyrrsqgapwlgayrwpvmcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpafwsmnlglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtqgmwyarspevvhskvmemlvwlrvpgdivfaggalllawyalrllrrptapqpeamgvapdair
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_MSMB59  coded_by=729040..731361,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB59,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_Phuket_4W-1  coded_by=complement(2471893..2474214),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis Phuket 4W-1,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mntsetvlqrrevdrvsdvlkwtlliiailtfallawatvvtyrtappqperliapdgsvvmtarditdgksafqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaayllrlgrltsdnialsrfgkplaaldpdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsltnapvsaevarairtlraeisqqlthhdfikgwtqaysldegnaaktadfilysalttvarrpdsevswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtldptlvqfralthsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygirfddalpfnflrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgkeargqgplvdllfwatviivagaligdylgimgviedgwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffaglvfwsvlilrglwpgldairqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvhpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqhqfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclryaaaeqsrfneklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwqqlnavydhglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfalaallmafdfilklapmfpavadraarqrgekrsi
>Aliiroseovarius_crassostreae  coded_by=58626..59987,organism=Aliiroseovarius crassostreae,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkiaywyflaamilfavqvsggliagwiyvqpnflseilpfniirmlhtnslivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaereihspmiaylqlilllvgtlgvvvtyvfnlfhgnwflgmegrefieqpvwvklgivvaalmflynitmtvlkgrktaitnvlllglwglallflfsfynptnlaldkmfwwyivhlwvegtwelvmasilaylmlkmtgvdreiiekwlyiivatalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafsfvmvwkgkrdhpnkaallwalgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvsmnlaiftyampilrgrdpynqvlnmvsfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthlqrvmgenfmdvqeslglfylmrwgsgvavvlgallfiyaqlaprreviekgtteea
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(<1..1414),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvp
>Propionibacterium_acnes_HL025PA1  coded_by=12637..14970,organism=Propionibacterium acnes HL025PA1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdegkkpeetrrrpmvvskgwgqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflvqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Rhodanobacter_fulvus_Jip2  coded_by=181296..183608,organism=Rhodanobacter fulvus Jip2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
msttrklwlglaallissfavllwvgdvvhqeapplptavvtsegqtlytradlqegrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghgallapdwsadwlhreamamlellardegaasfasldaehqaalkariqpelrhntydaatdtitvsplraqamaivgahymslfsndpataklrenyamrdntiaemehrrmvtaffwwtswaaaaerpgstisytqnwpfdpvvgnvatptgfmwsifsvlfmimgigllawhharhvsdeplpaipvrdpladlkptpsmkatakyfwtvlalflaqillgattahyqvegqeaygfalanylpysltrtwhtelavlwiatawlatglyiapmisgyepkfqrfgvnflwvcllvivvgsfagqwlavmdklglehnfwfghqgweytdigrfwqiflfiglmlwvflvgralwpvmrsktatssivgllflstvaigllygaglmwgehthiamveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatavisylflklglirphtatvgvlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtttavialgasfsvlevvplaligleaydtwkkqhvapwmaryrwpimffvavsfwnlvgagmfgflvntplalyymqglnltathghtalfgvygmlglglmlfclrgikpeapwregwlrgsfwclniglslmavltllplgilqlkavlehgywfarsaefmdrplihmlvwmrvpgdtlfavgavlisvfvaslwllkdrrtpteplvrerpvlvaverkeleea
>Alcanivorax_pacificus_W11-5  coded_by=28018..30291,organism=Alcanivorax pacificus W11-5,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mahyrtlwwtliavlavtfallgyfgtevyrqappipervvtgdgtllmtrddilsgqsawqstggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhrelvhwldlaaverygqpyealnseqqvilrqavrdayrtntydaatgtlvvsgrraqamaqtaayyadlfgnapelrgtrqsyamkentlpsesrrqaltqfffwtawaagterpdsgatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvvwsiisvvllvagigflifgwaflrrhdeadppapaqdplslvsltpsqralgkylflvvalftfqvflggavahytiegqhfygfnlstyfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfignylaiaqimpphlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgivpamrqpgdkhllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifynmglvsrtvatgaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawqhsvlreraawmaqvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahsalfgvygflalgfvllvlryirpqlqfndrlmrsgfwllngglvlmvftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilqtlrwirtvgdvvfifgalavswqvvsgllfpwraavspgsesva
>Alcanivorax_pacificus_W11-5  coded_by=224765..227038,organism=Alcanivorax pacificus W11-5,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mahyrtlwwtliavlavtfallgyfgtevyrqappipervvtgdgtllmtrddilsgqsawqstggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhrelvhwldlaaverygqpyealnseqqvilrqavrdayrtntydaatgtlvvsgrraqamaqtaayyadlfgnapelrgtrqsyamkentlpsesrrqaltqfffwtawaagterpdsgatytnnwpheplidnvptaenvvwsiisvvllvagigflifgwaflrrhdeadppapaqdplslvsltpsqralgkylflvvalftfqvflggavahytiegqhfygfnlstyfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfignylaiaqimpphlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlvlmlrgivpamrqpgdkhllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthlsimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifynmglvsrtvatgaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawqhsvlreraawmaqvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahsalfgvygflalgfvllvlryirpqlqfndrlmrsgfwllngglvlmvftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilqtlrwirtvgdvvfifgalavswqvvsgllfpwraavspgsesva
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_T3T1  coded_by=13056..15299,organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae T3T1,definition=putative quinol dependent nitric oxide reductase
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithddilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditanqefgknfadlndeqqtllkarltkeyrgskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdlakfffwtawtasaerpnthasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredeqdppipevdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqylpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvlvvgsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwemqqktpwmerlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffkpkkta
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_KOS6  coded_by=18436..19860,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri KOS6,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msilnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynigmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqitaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtlsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmatadqlaiffwlrlvagvifliglvcylysfrqrgrvpvaaaaaaaa
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_2.4.1  coded_by=complement(2050972..2052312),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides 2.4.1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyqsqkvalayfsvamalfaiqvlggllagwiyvspntlsevlpfnvvrmihtnalivwlllgffgaayflvpeeaerelfstklaylqlgilvigtlgavvsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnisltvlagrrtaitnillmglwllsllwifafinpdnlgldkmywwfivhlwvegtwelvmaailgylmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpaywqwigsifstmevvpffammsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgastvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlamftyampmlrgrapynqwlnmtafwlmtggmsfmtfvltfagtiqvhlqrvmgeyymdvqdqlglfyamrfgagamvvagallfiyslavvrrgapvgkvageaa
>Pseudoalteromonas_haloplanktis_TAC125  coded_by=complement(2566471..2568729),organism=Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis TAC125,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mreykrlwwallgvvavtfsllgyygteiyreappipaafvsesgkvltteeqildgqtawqsvggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvswlnlaaedqfgtaydelneqqqhmlrydlkkdyrtntyntktntvslssrrmqaiaqtsdyynalfggaaelqqtranyamkevtlpsaerrarlnefffwtawaasterldgnatytnnwpheplidnkpttenivwslvsivllvagigalvwawaflrrqddeepivpktdpilsfnltpsqkslgkylflivalftfqifvgaftahytvegqgfygvqtsewfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggedpkfqklgvdvlfwalvlvvvgsfigqylaiaqimppelnfwlghqgyeyidlgrlwqigkfvgillwlvlmmrcitptlnkegdknllvlfmlsviaiglfygagffygerthisvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafiffnmglvskrmatvaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgheawehyklktrapwmenvkwpimyfvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppialyyiqglnttathahaalfgvygflalgftllilryirphlkfdeglmktsfwwmniglalmlftsllpvgiiqfiasaseglwyarsealmqsdtlvtlrwvrtigdvvfmvgalavtwqvvkgvfsspekavktp
>Roseovarius_indicus  coded_by=complement(238728..240077),organism=Roseovarius indicus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyesqkvaywyilaalalfgiqvlggllagwvyvspnflsellpfnvirmihtnalivwlllgffaaayflvpeesereiwspklaylqliillvgtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaviflvnismtvlsgkrtaitnvllmglwllsllwvfafinpdnlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlafygayvalnlavftyampmlrqrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvvgdyymdvqdslsvfylmrfgagaavvigallfiysmlvvrrreviapgpanpvpge
>Rhodobacter_sp._SW2  coded_by=complement(156706..158070),organism=Rhodobacter sp. SW2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyhtqkialvyfvvamalfavqvsvglimgwvyvapnflseilpfnvlrplhtnslivwlllgffgaayylipeesereihssklaylqlgilvlgtlgvvltytfnlfegnfllgkegrefleqpkwvklgivvaaliflynvtmtvlagkktaitnilllglwglallflfafynpgnlaldkqywwfvvhlwvegvwelimaailaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifssleivpffammsfafimvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcavlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlafygayvcvnlaiityampnllgrdpynqvlnmasfwlmsagmvfmtvtltfagalqthlqrvngeaymdvqdqlwifyamrfgagaavvlgallfiysvmvprreiitprqtmpae
>Marinobacter_nanhaiticus_D15-8W  coded_by=2025633..2027915,organism=Marinobacter nanhaiticus D15-8W,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtsyrrlwfiliavlavtfamlgyfgaevyrsappipdrvvstsgeqlmtedsildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvtwlelaaqdtygapydsltgseqnalqyelkeayrtntydaatdtltlserrvaairdtadyysrlfsadpelrstrenyamkentlpsaerrelmtqfffwtawaaaterpggdatytnnwpheplidnvptgenimwsvisvvlliagvgglvwawaflrgkeeeepdapvkdplttfvltpsqkalgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqgfyginvsewfpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpklqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfvgnylaiaqimpaewnfwlghqgyefvdlgrlwqigkftgiafwlvlmlrgivpalrkpgdkhllalltasvvaiglfygagffygertplsimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifcsmglvsrtvataaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlkfrapwmenvrwplmffvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllilryirpgirfderlmkvgfwwlngglvlmlftsllpvgliqfaasadqglwyarsegfmqseilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgaaavgwqvvkglwgdsaqpvlpetesaavak
>Sulfolobus_islandicus_L.S.2.15  coded_by=complement(1035664..1037784),organism=Sulfolobus islandicus L.S.2.15,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mvkrirgdvwsnlvlvatvlvyvvyialagytltqlppvpsvvetengtvlftggevisgkvlmqkyglfdygsfwgfggyygtdftalalkvinqtadpptikvdglayssitdsetskwivsndyvkayntlynelynilynnssnyglkpnfvspndlrnitafilwgamisllgytngfpympqqtqpsvnvslstwimviillavlvsmvsyvslkilehwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagvqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnvtralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgilfsynqlipspywfifgaqgkpndvdqgtfwlllvalifflasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlippslatmaasidsvseilsgmigtahhyyfggeplfwmylgasasilevipilfltyyaillgrrgeiktefqktlvttilisaiggafvgaiiggasilnapminyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwglnailmwiaalylsggikenelktlrimiliyaigfimqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfyllsipdliawlrmigdvvagfaaaviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_CMR15  coded_by=1767468..1769738,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum CMR15,definition=nitric oxide reductase (Subunit b) transmembrane protein
mntnhrlwrwlglifvlsfgalgylgrqiylaappipqavvttagdvlftgeqiqrgqqawlaaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreatalqaiqtqqqfgsaasltaaqqaavdatvkeemrrntydaardsitvskeraraihgvaqhfealfgtdpslatlrdqyamatgalpdsadrealaafffwtswaaatdrpgetdvsytsnwpheplvgntmtsdaamwsmvsiilllagiaamlwlhgsgkheedakplpadpflnvvatpsmkatrkyffaviglilvqigmgaitahyavegeaffgiplaqvlpyvisrtvhtqlgvlwiatawlatglyiapllsgrepkfqklgvdvlfwalifivvgsiatgwlgtlqhrgadfgfwignqgleytsmgrvwqlllfvgllfwvallgralwpalktpsesrgliamvflsatciggfystslvwgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavvallftrlglvraasanraivaetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsiisvgavfsalevvpltliglealqtyrrmrgtpwlsaykwpvlcfvavgfwntvgagllgfainppaslyyvqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglyarslhadrllkpaywglniglammvfmsllpagiyqawasvtkgmwyarspevvhskvmetlvwlrvpgdivfaggafilalyalrllrrppsrqaatapatatr
>Mycobacterium_gastri_'Wayne'  coded_by=complement(8458..10743),organism=Mycobacterium gastri 'Wayne',definition=nitric oxide reductase
migkgwiqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytaamplpdkvvtesgkvlftgdditrgqelyqvrglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytadylrmatddvadqlraegvadprdrvvtefrtnrynpdtktlvftdrqaaafgriqdhyaayfgenstkygllpqlitdkaqirdltafyawtawaaaaerpghkysytnnwpaeprvdngptaavilwsalsliallggigimfaiygrwsqkvgwhsaeasnlsfrqpgevsltpaqratiwffaivsvlflaqtllgaaaehyradlsnffgldlarllpynlartwhlqlalfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrrepkrqgllayvllgavavvvfgslicealsiygviprggllsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmfvwiaiiwrgmrarlkgeskmnmpwlfffsglaiptfytvgllassgthytvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvaymfvllgvvrerialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqqsgdgnpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhghaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpeklarisfwgmniglawmvfatllplgilqlyhsvndgyfearslgyitkpgnaviewlrmpgdlilivggvlpfvwiawtalrnfrsgstveelpehplytevhaestsgaqspard
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis_Cp162  coded_by=126468..128786,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis Cp162,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, cytochrome b-containing subunit I
miggsrvalleapqrmssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildtwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Methylophilus_sp._Leaf414  coded_by=160654..162936,organism=Methylophilus sp. Leaf414,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdvtkrlwiylgtllvlsfsallwtgseiyreappmpekvlsesgsiiytlediqkgrqvwqsfggmqlgsiwghgsyvapdwsadwlhreaiallniwakssgdnlnyaqlseenqaklqgrlqsrirlntfnektkiitfdkdrarailkvqahfqklfgdesstaslresyamrnntvpnaanrhaltaffwwtswatvtnrpgsqisytnnwpseplvgnkppastfvwsafsvifliagiallgwhhaisqhhsreqlvlpindplrsivvtpsmratakyfwlllslfliqillgsitahyqiegqqqygfnlseilpyaltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyiapaisgyepkyqrmgvnflwisliaivigsftgqwfavmqkmglkynfwfghqgweysdmgrfwqwylfvglilwlvliarslwpvlrvkseprsivallmlstiaiglfygaalisnehshistieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavlaiiftrlgllptktatvavlfatiifmaggvlgtlhhlyfsgtpmavlalgasfsalevvplayigfeayhyyqlghatawmqryrwpimfflavsfwnivgagllgflvnpplslyymqglnltplhghaalfgvygmlgiglvlycirgikpdliwnekmlkvsfwslniglalmailtllpigtlqllaaidhgywyarsadfmqkpiidtlvwmrvpgdiifsigalslcwfilelwlnpkteedsskqnvgein
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(5386..7356),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2002004  coded_by=complement(4564..6534),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2002004,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2000175  coded_by=complement(4555..6525),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2000175,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2001213  coded_by=complement(3232..5202),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2001213,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3147  coded_by=complement(3092..5062),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3147,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM1482  coded_by=complement(4454..6424),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM1482,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_73704  coded_by=complement(3218..5188),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 73704,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM313  coded_by=complement(3203..5173),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM313,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM43  coded_by=complement(3048..5018),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM43,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM35  coded_by=complement(4430..6400),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM35,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM36  coded_by=complement(4730..6700),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM36,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM82  coded_by=complement(2844..4814),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM82,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM32  coded_by=complement(4407..6377),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM32,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM95  coded_by=complement(4871..6841),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM95,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM94  coded_by=complement(4640..6610),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM94,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM133  coded_by=complement(4467..6437),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM133,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM586  coded_by=complement(166382..168352),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM586,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM762  coded_by=complement(25108..27078),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM762,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM174  coded_by=complement(88050..90020),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM174,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM126  coded_by=complement(315428..317398),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM126,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_87255  coded_by=complement(43189..45159),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 87255,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_92045  coded_by=complement(4141..6111),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 92045,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=31621..33591,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(2006266..2008236),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=2984..4954,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(482948..484918),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(1573452..1575422),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(3356..5326),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(4084..6054),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=1720853..1722823,organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(1658988..1660958),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(1529229..1531199),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis  coded_by=complement(264943..266913),organism=Neisseria meningitidis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mdltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Rhodopirellula_europaea_6C  coded_by=complement(19675..22008),organism=Rhodopirellula europaea 6C,definition=nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mkrlwmafaavmivsflilgwigtriyqemppipdkyvttdgvtlidsgevgegqnvwqslggmqvgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhresvfildkwssaefsqpfaqldserqaqlsgrlsdlmrtntfdessgivtidplraeafnanvdhyrtvfidgnadyaipansisseerlrkfsafvfwtswaasttrpndiasytnnwpheplvgnrptgdnivwtgvsvimllagisgmawwyasrreeeekpdsipsydplsrwqatpsqkatikyfwivaalifaqmglgivtahygvegegfygfplaeylpysvsrtwhvqiglfwiatawlasglfigplvsnhepkfqrlgvnvlfgalllvvvgslagewlsvknymsdtvsfylghqgyeyvelgrvwqiglmvglllwlvlmlrvlwpalrqkgdpnsteansqrhlvallavatgaialfygagltwgqhshltmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviafvfmrlnlvrpglaaaaallaatiflsggiigtlhhlyfsgtptvalawgsvfsalevvpltligfdamedlrrsksspwvqrykwpiyffvsvavwnmigagifgfminppialyymqglnttplhahaalfgvygmlgiglmlmclrvlipgrpwkdgmlkigfwgmniglaamcllsllpvgllqtkasvesgywfarssefmqtdlmqtlrwmrvpgdtifflgavalvwfifglwtghsfskkpdgfdppenegedtsesigalerepalms
>Thioalkalivibrio_nitratireducens_DSM_14787  coded_by=1654151..1655497,organism=Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens DSM 14787,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvaypffvmalvlfaaqvifgtmaglvyvmpeflseampfhimrmshtnllivwlligffgatyyllpeeteneiysptlaylqlaifvfagaaaligyqfgihegrhyleqpvwvkvlltisflmflfnasltvlkgrktaisvvlmlglwlaaifwlfafytpdnmsldkmywwyivhiwvegvwelimasllgfllikmtgvdreviekwlyvivglalftgllgtghhyywigtpgywqpiggffsalevlpffamvvfafymfwrgrrnhpnqaavlwtlgtvvmaffgagvwgfmhtlsfinfythgtqitaahghlaffgayvmlnlaiisyamphlrgmqpynqilnmwsfwimtsamafmtfaltfagvvqthlqrvmgmsfmevqdqlqlfyvfrlgagiavvigvalflyamfgpartqvpasaaqapagg
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_241  coded_by=complement(2281963..2284254),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae 241,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfavllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreativldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvitsttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasvdtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_HC01  coded_by=complement(2282562..2284853),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae HC01,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfavllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreativldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaipqnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwvgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvitsttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmprrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasvdtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Halococcus_salifodinae_DSM_8989  coded_by=complement(7564..9879),organism=Halococcus salifodinae DSM 8989,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mevtrktlakllvvafvfnlivmgagayltyqqspdrperivgpnsdtlttneqivsgkavfqqnglmnhgsilgngayfgadytadaldrlvtnmreyvarerygtpyanldeaqkagvktvverqlsdntiddtielgaaeayayqqvreayveryyggapehgipsgfvsspedarrfadfalwtslfsaserpgsensytnewpfnagagndapasamlwsvfamvilvlgggagiwlyksiqlsepesegidipdpeevtlspsqfaavrfvpvaaalflvqtllgglmahyyieregfygiaqalgidamatlpfaitkawhidlavlwiatlwlgiglflpplltgyepdnqktlihvllgalfvvvvgglvgiwlgaqgyidgslwwllgnegleylevgrvwqvgllvgfalwtalvargfkplldresryglahmiiyaggsigllftasmlytpktsivvtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffvvavtgialvamnllsrrsaekavileallvmgagvigvshhywwiglpeywvpigslfstlefiplvfilfeainqyraymsagerfpyklpfmfiiasgiwnfvgagalgffinlpiinyyehgtfltvghahasmfgafgflalgmatyllrfttkpgawdptnlkrafwllnaglawmvfvgdipigflqletvftqgydagrslafynrglvqdlfwarlpgdiliilgaavfgydvvrkrfvrreetattsggtiisrrvlgeeadsgrspddd
>Shewanella_xiamenensis  coded_by=19104..21464,organism=Shewanella xiamenensis,definition=nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mtkilgtycaianyryqndvglrgfmskqkltaialllvliasftvllsvgseiyrekppipsafvdvngqvifsehdieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaqawldlrakqqyqtpfeqlgsqekagleqalrddlrhnsveqqidgtqlirlsttrveairtvnqhylslfgddpklsslreqyamkegtvpdvtrreqlnaflfwgawaaiterpdapytytnnwpfdpqlgntptsdnivwsilsivtliagiggllwhhasgkheslpkpseqdplfftkptasqkavgkyfitaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefyglpiaeilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkyqrigvnvlwvalvvvvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqilllvglliwlalvtaaikpalkvqgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhsnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatavialmlvrlglirgrsangavlfttvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaiigfeametyrlrkaspwmqryhwaimffvatafwnlvgagmlgflinppislyyiqglnttathghaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgnmqwndkmlkgafwslniglaamvfmsllpvgitqffavidhgywyarspevihsplierlvwmrmfgdiifsiggllmgtflfdlirkalnkpaklqgeqllpdh
>Rhodanobacter_thiooxydans_LCS2  coded_by=complement(39285..40982),organism=Rhodanobacter thiooxydans LCS2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mqieyqtqrlsmrffmlmlvlfiiqvgyglllatqqvdptvlagtvnfnvaraehlnlgilwilcgfigailfvgpllakremvapwlikllfyalivialwnfftlrlaqvgiagwwqgqpwlqqgleyleagriagvlvlvgfailafvvlrtfppvrqwneihwglglgvsalmavwvfglfyverldlqeyfrwfvvhywvegvwevihitlvgfllvlmfkvdiksvgfavfwgvmlvwlsglignahhyfwigtpefwqfwgslfsaleplplvfcfwhiyldahvnkrplenapafyfilgsvvleqigagilgfsmtfaltnvwshgtwvtpghghlalfgtfgmlgiaaayfavpimrkvtnydqrlgklgfwlvltgmlgmafafnvggtvqiyvyrilgldwfggdvaramgvfklllplfgvvftigalvvaydlitlgrrvsvpagadvhgasadihpatrwgrplsgfeagiwllmmwvfgaiitlsllsfnlprvrvagdptlpyllagvgypglmlvtllfvwrflasmearanvastpsllrvlpaqa
>Pyrobaculum_calidifontis_JCM_11548  coded_by=complement(1777680..1779842),organism=Pyrobaculum calidifontis JCM 11548,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mrngwsllvlgvtvlvyvvylamavwtfynmppipdkvvtksgavlftgndviegkrlaqkyglldygsflgfggyfgidyvaytmkiyadkianlrgaafedvrrlmtprveappyafasspsgtfvvsdefgkafndvvefyaqyfgpraeevglrpnlitnrdevrkiaafftwgvlvamanytngfpympgilspnihvttstwvtffvlllaimplagyiiikfldywreprialdlpppgpaqrvallgmalavlglsiqgllggylmhkyteptslygiaginsvlpfnvaralhynlailwivvtwvsfalfvlpylgvqlskaralailgagafaalgvllgvwasylqlipdpwwfifgsqgrpvvnqgtfwllliaallfylsaavwrasktspepiqplvkilaialggtafgavvgalpvvapwphftideyfrwilihsfvegfwpaivipillillviagmvppkmavaaagldatleiatgmigtahhyywggqptlwmyvgavmstlevlpigfliayalvlwrrgeyktelqktlltfvlvaafggavgvvafgaglinmpvinyylhgsqatmvhahlamplaygvpsmlmwvvaftlagafsaaqlkrlrvavvvmavgfyiqvllslmllataqfttttqwgywaskaifapdgtpafwmrpdvqtfvwlrmigdivaaagiavfliyivkglpkalrg
>Cyanobacterium_aponinum_PCC_10605  coded_by=3830562..3832871,organism=Cyanobacterium aponinum PCC 10605,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
madstinlgakvqpqykrwglpawlvficvvtftvllsagaviyknappipdkivssqqeiilthdqiehgqitylgrggqhigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlynndrtfsqedlealsdveratlqarvqqefkinryaedvdtltlspaqtkgleqvfvdyhellsngsaihsiprgwfkdeseihdvtafltwtawsasanrpnapfsytanfphddlignnapgqfviwsivsvivliagiagfifiyltqedadeiqvvesrpsiriatpsqkattlffgvamalfcvqilmgmvtahyavegegfygvpiqdylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgkhepkfqvwgnstllvaltvvvvgslvgawasvqgilggdnsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlflmyralkpalkgegsktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpvsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtpvfitamgavasalevvpltligfevlksmrlskeaegfyrlplkffiatcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahsalygvygslaialmlfalreitpdeawdekgfnfsfwwiniglvlmmvmglipngfyqlvqsvnhgtwyarsaevigsawmqwtvwlripgdmvfaigaivlvvsvvraiygifqqptqaqpddipiitsks
>Persephonella_marina_EX-H1  coded_by=complement(289923..292145),organism=Persephonella marina EX-H1,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome B subunit
magdnsqkkwflvfvlslvgaaviflgltikqikdvppipkevrgtstlytyddvvqgkaffqkyvlmnhgtllgngayigpdytslflhkkienlqdiyaqkkfgrnyadltdeekglvdilvkkdvreistlkedvttitpeheqaylkakeylkeflvkgnpsyawigglikpeeadyivsfvdwstlvavttrpgtdvtytnnwppepaiglnapysslfwsliafmacwsltivvlwafydyflkfdaekpapsleiksltpmqekvlkfvplvpvffvlqvalggylahlyadpahswivpqsllpfnvarsfhlnlavlwiaigwlagglfiaplaskgkdfkfpiavdilwvalvivglggliglwlgalgklpaelwfwlgnegreyielarvwdiglvvglvlwftivfftvrqaekltpplqmiiwsafaiavlymagmaplhkimpnftiddyfrwwvvhlwventfelfaagtlafltvslglvsvrfatimmffeaflivaagtlgtghhyfwmgenefwiavggvlssleplplvilmveaskeylhikkagqafpfrmsflwlvgsaflnwlgagfygmlinlpiinyyehgtyfgmahghvallgafgyisiaflyfivranalakglhwdekisnlafwmmtagiflyaiptlvigekqmewafeygywaartrevleglgfwmwvriipdslilagavlilvdiiyklylsakekpataaa
>Legionella_pneumophila_str._Leg01/20  coded_by=141065..143407,organism=Legionella pneumophila str. Leg01/20,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtiktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayseltegeqyvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliystlttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaagegktwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila_str._Leg01/11  coded_by=29675..32017,organism=Legionella pneumophila str. Leg01/11,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtiktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayseltegeqyvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliystlttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaagegktwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila_str._Leg01/53  coded_by=2062..4404,organism=Legionella pneumophila str. Leg01/53,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtiktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayseltegeqyvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliystlttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaagegktwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Legionella_pneumophila_str._121004  coded_by=8930..11272,organism=Legionella pneumophila str. 121004,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mhtianetpvqkdhsfdpitnilkwvllvtailcfliliwgtiktyqlvpplpdrfvtstgetvmtsqdivegkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakylvrlgelvqeelakirfnkayseltegeqyvinkemqnslqrldlnkktsiltpaiatsirqlqaeisqsllnhnfmagytqayslnpdtalqtanfliystlttiarrpnqnisytnnwpyepsvgntpssgtfywtwisfcfvfmgfgaviyiyhrylsdvdhgpmepifsgfkpltqsqrkvgqyflvaalflllqiavgaimahyyaeresfyginvntwlpfnflrdvhiqtpiiwiglswisagifmapiisgkeakgqgflvdllfyvtllvvggailgnylgimgyidkawfwlgnqglsyiqlgrlwqigfciglflwsfivfrgmwptwdglkkatiefwtgriklenlfwastinvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrkaaertvyfesiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpemwiplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikkqgtftynlaylyilgaafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplinyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllalgliyfclryaagegktwsdrlgvyafwlynaglflwivlnffpigwsqlmavyehglsyarslefynttllwqwlrfpgdvvfalgallmaydfivkigpffpkfarnrrfiagppkatdpsl
>Pseudomonas_chloritidismutans_AW-1  coded_by=complement(141698..143119),organism=Pseudomonas chloritidismutans AW-1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msiinphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalilfvgqilfglimglqyvigdflfpllpfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgylfvpyaglaemtknellptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtmlkgrktvvstvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigaptvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvnrrrrehpnkaaslwaigttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrievwgfwlmtismvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrliagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvsvvaaaaaa
>Janthinobacterium_sp._HH01  coded_by=1394760..1397033,organism=Janthinobacterium sp. HH01,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhatrklwtwlaiicalsfavlgwvgaeiyltappipkhitsvdgnelfgegqvdrgqqawlsaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealalrqiwakrdfgasfndlsksnqaalnarlkeemrrnsydaatgtivlsadraaavrevashytslfgddraldhlreqyamnanslpdpddlkalpafvfwsawaaatdrpgsvdlsytsnwpheplidnrpsagagiwsiasiilmigaiaamvmvhsaakeeadpvppktdplfnlkptpsmlatkkyffvviglilaqvgmgvitahyaveghsffgyplaqilpfvvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkfqklgvnllfyallfivvgstamgwlgslqhkgtgfafwlgnqgleftsmgriwqillfvgllfwvtllgralwpalvkksesrglivmvflaalciggfyatsltwgrhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlglirastansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigamfsalevvplsmigveawrnyqrskaapwvstykwsilcfiavgfwntvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrglcdrlawsdallkvmfwclniglammvfislvpagiyqawasvstgmwfarspevihsklmetlvwmrvpgdvvfaigtlflalfawrlltargnkarltavsadra
>Candidatus_Methylomirabilis_oxyfera  coded_by=complement(2094942..2097374),organism=Candidatus Methylomirabilis oxyfera,definition=putative Cytochrome c oxidase subunit I precursor; nitric oxide reductase-like (norZ)
mspnpsgtaakgknertfaqvllikkywwlhalivtaistiglialgvwtyagapplvnfvsksgdvviaehsmnrgkqvfhlkglmlygsfwgdgaergpdftaealhrtfvsmgkyyemqiekeqgrpatqdekdgiagkvkreihqngydaaagvirlndaqifaynelvdhytkmftdptyeeafqkgriqsyvsnpedikglagyffwggwvaganrpgeiysythnwpydpdagnlptyatyiwsflsilvlfagtmlvlyvygemkslpgepfngrdwslttvdlenkgdayvrptqratykffafavilflvqvlagilgaedfvgggpgeailgafglvipfsvvrsyhaivqiywffmawvgytlfflpriskvpngqrflinllfalcvlvgagalfgiyaghtgmltddmaywfgsqgweflelgrfwhilmlasfclwvyiifravkpwitsqnlwsvpawlfygsgimvlflffgmfmtpsqnfaisdywrwmnihmwvevtfevfttcivgymlvqmglvnramaerviflavmmflvtaligishnfywiakptgiialgsvfstmqvlplllitldawkmrtertkahehlsegkqrfvmdgvwtfilavnfwnifgagvmgslinlpivnyyehgtyltnnhahgamfgvkgniaiagmlfacqhlfqrsawnekliktvfwslqvgivmmmlmdmfpvglyqlahifqygfwygrqqsfvtnevwhtltwlrsiggvvflfggvlplcwfilsragrmvreaavveegewtiydrekakereawaasdeaf
>Staphylococcus_aureus_12S00579  coded_by=43260..45551,organism=Staphylococcus aureus 12S00579,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghmlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Oscillatoria_acuminata_PCC_6304  coded_by=complement(6040287..6042593),organism=Oscillatoria acuminata PCC 6304,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
madstlldakgaispgrrqltlpawlaliciiafsvllwagavisknappvpdivrspnqeilvtqaniqsgqeiylsrggqdigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagilynnnpsfsqkdlqalpaperaslqarvseqfktnryspethellltdaqskglqevfkdyhellakgsaihsipsgwfkddsqihdvtaffawtswaasanrpnapfsytanwphddlignqppaqfliwsivsvivliagigiflfiylkeeddevlpvparpavriptpsqkvtslffgvamalflvqimmgmftahyavegegfygiplnlylpyaatrtwhlqlaifwiatcwlaaglyfaprfsgyepkgqalgnsvllgaltvvvvgsligswsavqglfsvknsflwghqgyeyielgrvwqilliaamifwlwllyrgfkpalqkeksptglshfflysaitiplfysvglmytnhtplsiaeywrwwvihlwvegffevfatvviaylcselgflrrssalratylttllylgsgvigtlhhlyfsgtpsfiaaigsvfsalevvpltligfeilktlklskeaegfyrwplrffiatciwnligagvfgflinppivlyysqginttpihahaalfgvygclaialmlfalrefvpddawddrwikfafwainiglvmmlifglipngfyqlaqsveygtwyarsaevigspwmrwtvwlripgdivfalgtvsmfiftmkaifaifqfpvktyphkefqpiek
>Bacillus_licheniformis_S_16  coded_by=4756..7110,organism=Bacillus licheniformis S 16,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mevqrktvpvkkaskngflksvlvftlivsfsvlllggywifkglaprpvevsgpngevlmtkssisggqavfqkyalmdygtilghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdfkaegkygkrfkhlsdeeqsiirnqviremrknrydrasdtlkltdaqvyglhqvrdhyrkvftkgdgwglepglikeshmperdrawvdsedqitqisdfifwtawlsstlrpgdeitytnnwpydedagntmsfaavwwsgasvtililfvgiilfvfyryklgmkeayqegafpvfdldkqpltasqvktgkyfavvsllffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgidwirellpfsiskgfhlqlaifwiatswlgmgifaaplvggrepkrqgllvdilfwalivlvggsmvgewlgakgflgnnwflfghqgmeyielgrfwqvilalgmliwlfivfrgiksglkresdkgglihllfyssiaiplfygaafffnpgtnitmsdfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqmnlvtkkstvrtlyfqltillgsgvigighhyyyngssevwiglgsvfsclevipltllvleayeqykmmkdgghhfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghgammgvygmfaiavwlytlrnitkkeawndkwlkiacwslniglfgmvfinllpvgflqlkkafedgywssrapeflqqdavqtlltwravpdtiflagivilvvfsiralfhlrkpthregealpvkdiasde
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_326_str._F0382  coded_by=complement(57..2300),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 326 str. F0382,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvliffgveiyrttppfpekivttdgellyngqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresemlldifaakdgkvykdlpeeeqakyqvqlrkelrsntfdqstgvitfsperaqvakelaayytklfmndpsldktrshyaipknaikdparmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegegffgipldlvlpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfwfghqgyeyielgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligfeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilawafwlinigllvmlvvsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdtllaigelllvyfiiglktgwslkekr
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3144  coded_by=complement(3330..4622),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3144,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
msdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggavcvaiqatkivfsrdk
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_335_str._F0486  coded_by=complement(75073..77316),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 335 str. F0486,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpedeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelaayytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Capnocytophaga_ochracea_DSM_7271  coded_by=1878869..1881112,organism=Capnocytophaga ochracea DSM 7271,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlilfgveiyrtappfpekivttngevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhresvlllelfaqkdgkvykdlpedeqakyqvqlrkelrtntfnqetgvitfsperaqvakelaayytklfmddpslsetrthyaipknaikdpvrmqqmnafftwtswvcstnrpnsdvtytnnwpydpvignhpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkeeeenehlpaedpmrgmkptpsmkatlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffgipldmifpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkyqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvrallpalrkkdenrhllllfvlasiaiaafygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasasvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnykiskstewikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrhwnnkilgwafwlinigllvmlvgsllpigimqaveaiqngywsarseefmhtdlmqtirwlripgdillaigelllvyfiiglktgwslrdkr
>Mangrovimonas_yunxiaonensis  coded_by=377060..378400,organism=Mangrovimonas yunxiaonensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyksqkvaywffalsmlllvlqitygfimgfarlgydglhdfipfntaravhtnllvvwllsgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvsvklayvqlislavvgvtaivgyhfnwwegrkfleiprqldylvvvnvllflalilatlfkgkrktttalvltmgllfaallyipgmlpfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwlivggifsaleplaflamalfavnmyrkgekkhpnkmalfwtlgsaivsfvgagllgfahtlpqtniythgtlvtamhghlafwgayamivlaiisyalpnltgrkfydkplgrfsfwasnigmvgmtvafgvagvaqvylerkfkmdfmevqdeisihflvlvlcaslfasgiisyiiefwkhgkptdealevqlk
>Staphylococcus_simulans_ACS-120-V-Sch1  coded_by=135271..137568,organism=Staphylococcus simulans ACS-120-V-Sch1,definition=hypothetical protein
mknpysrlskvlvtilvvvfgillaggwlifkneaprptkvvnesgqtviskselisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaetlhhylkgmhyyyaehlydkpfkqlnqmqkagiedkvkkeirvnryskakdelvltdaqvaglnyvrdyyhkefvnnpkqaglpqnmidqiktddymvkgnkiehlsdfffwgawlsstdrpdrdfsytnnwpfdeqagntmpsealiwsaisvailvagvaiiiyfqrryqfdmestydserrlpeikiqdtisssqaktakyfvivmvlfliqillgelmahyyveneffgiplqklfpfniaktwhlqlvifwvattwlatgiyivprvlgkepkhqgklvdilfvallivaggsmigewgnilgwinekwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfiigmvlwmiilargfipaikdgseqhrkrlilllfigaiaipmfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviligflmvdmklttihstiralyfqiilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgssfsalevvplclliweaythyrvykfskiefpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaimlyvlrsitkpefwtkkvekwisiscwllniglagmvfmtllpvgyiqltdalkhgywharltefyqkdsvfwllwgrlpwdliftagvvillvitvravmhlkkvknneyqnki
>Staphylococcus_simulans_UMC-CNS-990  coded_by=complement(140636..142933),organism=Staphylococcus simulans UMC-CNS-990,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mknpysrlskvlvtilvvvfgillaggwlifkneaprptkvvnesgqtviskselisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaetlhhylkgmhyyyaehlydkpfkqlnqmqkagiedkvkkeirvnryskakdelvltdaqvaglnyvrdyyhkefvnnpkqaglpqnmidqiktddymvkgnkiehlsdfffwgawlsstdrpdrdfsytnnwpfdeqagntmpsealiwsaisvailvagvaiiiyfqrryqfdmestydserrlpeikiqdtisssqaktakyfvivmvlfliqillgelmahyyveneffgiplqklfpfniaktwhlqlvifwvattwlatgiyivprvlgkepkhqgklvdilfvallivaggsmigewgnilgwinekwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfiigmvlwmiilargfipaikdgseqhrkrlilllfigaiaipmfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviligflmvdmklttihstiralyfqiilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgssfsalevvplclliweaythyrvykfskiefpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtsahahgsmagvygmfsiaimlyvlrsitkpefwtkkvekwisiscwllniglagmvfmtllpvgyiqltdalkhgywharltefyqkdsvfwllwgrlpwdliftagvvillvitvravmhlkkvknneyqnki
>Pseudogulbenkiania_ferrooxidans_2002  coded_by=complement(502084..503529),organism=Pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans 2002,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mststtavldtprgveehaatrlkyrsqavakpyfiaaiglffgqivfglimglqyvigdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgagyylipeeserelhspklaiitfwvflvagaltivgylsvpyatlaklthneilptmgrefleqptitkvgivlvalsflynlsmtvlsgrktsvslvmmlglwglaifflfsfynptnlvldkyfwwyvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamtlisgiigtghhyywigtpgywqwwgsifsaiepipffmmtlfsfnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnylthgtqltaahghmafygayamvvitmisytmpklrgreansrgaqklemvsfwlmtlamvaitlfltaagyvqvslqrmgttpmpfmvaqdhaatyywlreasgvvffiglalyiisffvkgktdeaah
>Pontibacter_sp._BAB1700  coded_by=8403..10685,organism=Pontibacter sp. BAB1700,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
magfiavivgsfavlgyygieiyreappipvkvvttsgkvlftgddikdgqnvwqstggqqlgsvwghgayiapdwsadwlhkeamyfldywaqqekgvlyedldeetkamlearlqkqirantydpetgiltvsdlraeaiaevgkhytglfmndpalakhrdayamkdntvedpvrmeklntfffwtswacvterpgkkitytnnwpaeklvanepssdliiwtgfsviiliagvgmlayyyasnreeeidhsklpkqdpllgltatpsmkatlkyfwivtalilvqvtlgvvsahygvegqalygfplaeylpysitrtwhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkfqklgvnflfvclliivagslagqwygimqklgytenfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqifllvglflwlglmvrailpafkkdvdgrhllgmflissaaiaifyasglmwgqhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvviaflfvrmglldtkmatatvlfstiiflfggiigtfhhlyfsgtptavmalgatfsalevvplvligfeayhnlqiskltqwikaykwpiysfvavafwnlvgagvfgfvinppialyymqglnttpvhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfvlkglsarrrwkdgvisfafwsiniglilmvlisvlpiglmqtwasvehglwyarsmefmqtdtmnilrwlrvvgdtifaggvlalawfiiglktgwsleededvaplieeeatakqvrs
>Capnocytophaga_sp._CM59  coded_by=complement(34899..37142),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. CM59,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlifygteiyrtapdfptkivttdgqvlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhreslilldllaqkdgkhyqdlsdeeqakyqvqlkkelrtntfdektgvitfsaeraeasrqmaayytklfmddpsmdatrksyaiplnaikdphrmqqmnafftwstwvcstnrpgeqvsytnnwpydplvgnvastslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgilvfyhaynkedeesehlpaqdpmremkptpsmratlkyiwivsllilvqmlagvitahygvegegffgipldlilpqavsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkgqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqilllvglflwlflmvralipalkrkdesrhllllfvlssvaiaafygaglmygrqthmavaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrlgllrikvasvsvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsameivplvligfeayhnyklsrttpwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglyperhwndrligwafwlinigllvmicvsilpigimqavesirhgywsarsvefmqtdlmqtirwlrvpgdlllafgelllvyfiiglktgwslkeer
>Pseudogulbenkiania_sp._NH8B  coded_by=1461858..1463303,organism=Pseudogulbenkiania sp. NH8B,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B NorB
mststtavldtprgveehaatrlkyrsqavakpyfiaaiglffgqivfglimglqyvigdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgagyymipeeserelhspklaiitfwvflvagaltivgylsvpyatlaqlthneilptmgrefleqptitkvgivlvalsflynlsmtvlsgrktsvslvmmlglwglaifflfsfynptnlvldkyfwwyvvhlwvegvwelimgamlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamtlisgiigtghhyywigtpgywqwwgsifsaiepipffmmtlfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnylthgtqltaahghmafygayamvvitmisytmpklrgreansrgaqklemvsfwlmtlamvaitlfltaagyvqvslqrmgttpmpfmvaqdhaatyywlreasgvvffiglalyiisffvkgktdeaah
>Pseudomonas_sp._20_BN  coded_by=complement(1891298..1892728),organism=Pseudomonas sp. 20_BN,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
msimnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalvlfvgqilfglimglqyivgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvatilgyllvpyaalaqmtgnhllptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtllkgrktvistvmmtgliglavfflfafynpenlsrdkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyvivamalitgiigtghhffwigapvvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfslnmvrrrrrdhpnkaaslwaigttvtaffgagvwgfmhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtiisyamprlrglgeapdaraqrieiwgfwlmtvsmvaitlfltaagvvqiwlqripadgaamsfmnttdqlmiffwlrliagvifliglvcylysfrqrgrvtvdqtvsataaa
>Legionella_longbeachae_D-4968  coded_by=complement(279618..281933),organism=Legionella longbeachae D-4968,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase subunit B
miqnkraiseysqsgndpvalvlkwillftalvcfvvliwgtyktyqlapplpqqfqtqsgqvimteedivagkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakyllrlgrlieektsqlnygrsfidlpeekkylvrrnmqhelqniqlnkpisifsqpvadsvlqlkqeiaftlmnhdakkgwtkayslnnqsalqtadfliysslttiahrpgqnssytnnwpyeptmgntptpstfywtwvsfcfvflgfgavlyiyhrylaapdnapktplfmtfkpltssqrkvgqyfmivalvlllqigvgaimahyysertgfygiqindylpfnflrdvhiqtpivwialswisaavfmtpiiskkeakgqgflvsalfwvtlfivggaiigdylgimgyidqywfwlgnqglsylqlgrlwqigfclglflwsvivfrgmwpgykeikeatiqfwtgrirlehlfwastanvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrvlaertmyfetiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpdiwvplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikrqgdftynlaylyilgasfwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllglgliyfclryaagdriswsdrlgtwafwlyniglllwivlnffpigwsqlmdvyehgfahsrsiefydttllwqwlrlpgdvvfalgafvmtfdfirnlgpffprilknrcskda
>Legionella_longbeachae_NSW150  coded_by=1647346..1649661,organism=Legionella longbeachae NSW150,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
miqnkraiseysqsgndpvalvlkwillftalvcfvvliwgtyktyqlapplpqqfqtqsgqvimteedivagkagfqradlmdygslygmgsyfgedytakyllrlgrlieektsqlnygrsfidlpeekkylvrrnmqhelqniqlnkpisifsqpvadsvlqlkqeiaftlmnhdakkgwtkayslnnqsalqtadfliysslttiahrpgqnssytnnwpyeptmgntptpstfywtwvsfcfvflgfgavlyiyhrylaapdnapktplfmtfkpltssqrkvgqyfmivalvlllqigvgaimahyysertgfygiqindylpfnflrdvhiqtpivwialswisaavfmtpiiskkeakgqgflvsalfwvtlfivggaiigdylgimgyidqywfwlgnqglsylqlgrlwqigfclglflwsvivfrgmwpgykeikeatiqfwtgrirlehlfwastanvavlycfgmipltgieksftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaacatayllmgtglvsrvlaertmyfetiliflggvigtghhwywtgtpdiwvplgsmfsfievlplvlliidaiehrqlikrqgdftynlaylyilgasfwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtalfgafgllglgliyfclryaagdriswsdrlgtwafwlyniglllwivlnffpigwsqlmdvyehgfahsrsiefydttllwqwlrlpgdvvfalgafvmtfdfirnlgpffprilknrcskda
>Gammaproteobacteria_bacterium_SG8_31  coded_by=complement(35330..36793),organism=Gammaproteobacteria bacterium SG8_31,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mnigalnsanlnagqkvavkyfvvamvlflaqclfgliaglqflkpdflynvldfnvnrmvhinamvvwmlfgfigsvywlveeesgvelvgaklanlnfwvltlavavvvvvylfvqtgpgtketiwlinegreyieaprwadfgivvcvliffynvaatfmkgrwsgisgvlvldlvalaglylagmfyttnisvdqhwwwwvihlwveatwevlvgcimawglmktlgarrkivttwlyievalmfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywlsiggffsalepiplvamvvhavydsgahkfknsnhpalawliahafgnffgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwtashghlaffgayatiiiamiyiaiqkwrgdvwmsgdmpdkgwkwkwslallnigvigmtvallisgyeqsfieralggstwaayfsgqtqpwfiqgmhwrmlfgwvttagvvlllwdlatigsketrrsidpvtaaemspaaa
>Thermus_oshimai_JL-2  coded_by=complement(1026715..1028145),organism=Thermus oshimai JL-2,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mtqampqgklyesqklalwyfwvalalfgaqvlfgllaawqyldpnflygklnfmtnrmlhvnamivwlllgfmggvywflplelerevvgirlarlafftliaavgvvvlvyllvqygpgnaftlwfitegreyieaprwadigivavmaiflynvvatalkakkitgvaavlmfdlvalaglytagmhytpnismdqyfwwwvvhlwveatwevlvgsimamalmhllgtprrivetwlylevalvfgtgilglghhyfwigtpeywlglggffsalepiplvamvvhavydagvhrmqtvnqpalfwaiaqafgnfvgagvwgfmqtlpqinlyshgtqlapahghlaffgayvtailtviymalhqvrrpelpkfdsklwkwafvlmvvgifgmsaamtvagftqtmveraiggstwqayieaqthpwfqngmvwrfifgvfflvsylvllwdlltigkgqahaskgvgahd
>Tannerella_sp._oral_taxon_BU063_isolate_Cell_5  coded_by=58535..60721,organism=Tannerella sp. oral taxon BU063 isolate Cell 5,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mliifgveiyrtappfptkivvsdgevlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhretemlldllaqkdgktykdlpedeqakylvqlrkelrtntydaasgvitfsperaqvaraladyytklfmddpsmdhvrksyaipkgaikdparmaqmnafftwttwvcstnrpgsdvtytnnwpyepvignkpstslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgllvyyhasnkekeendrlpasdpmrglkptpsmratlkyiwivsllilvqmvagvitahygvegggffglpldlilpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgqepkyqrlgvnvlfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqalllvglflwlflmvrallpalrrrdesrhllvlfvlasiaiagfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrmgllrlkvasvsvlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayhnyslsrstpwikaykwpiyyfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglypdrewndkllgwsfwlinigllvmlvgsllpigilqavesiqngywsarsmefmqtdtmqairwlrvpgdsllaigelllvyfiiglhtgwslkgkr
>Cyclobacteriaceae_bacterium_AK24  coded_by=5171..6529,organism=Cyclobacteriaceae bacterium AK24,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqqvaywffalcmllfglqivygfimgfarigmdglhdwvpfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesqrelvsvklayiqlislavvgvtaitgyhfniwegrkfleipreldylvvanvllflgiilatlfkgkrqtttalvmtmglvfaallylpgmiwfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilafllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgilgtghhyyyigvnkiwlvvggvfsaleplaflamalfavymyrkgeknhpnkialfwtigaaivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnifthgtlvtamhghyafwgayamivlaiisyampnitgrkrhdnttghmafwlsnigmlgmvtalgvagvvqvylerrlgmdfmvaqeevkihfvvmllcaalfsvgvgmyiyefikygrpsdealtqkeeevalvg
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_HBPUB10303a  coded_by=1225184..1227505,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei HBPUB10303a,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(236452..238773),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(239469..241790),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=124719..127040,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223728..226049),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=127469..129790,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(84674..86995),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pasteur_52237  coded_by=1954676..1956997,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pasteur 52237,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=25656..27977,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(143982..146303),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(237651..239972),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=127397..129718,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(238691..241012),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(240765..243086),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Propionibacterium_acnes_PA2  coded_by=complement(35133..37466),organism=Propionibacterium acnes PA2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgialvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydfrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmraesfgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndrlakisfwctniglawmvvvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehrnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaelpeatr
>Polaromonas_naphthalenivorans_CJ2  coded_by=1419586..1421862,organism=Polaromonas naphthalenivorans CJ2,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mhatrklwtwlavicalsfavlgwvgteiyltappipkqvistqgavlfsegqvqrgqkawlsaggqqlgsvwghgsylapdwsadwlhrealalrgvwakrdfgksfetlsvgqqaeinarlktemrgntydaatgaitlsperaeavqqvmkhytdlfgdapsldklreqyamssgllpdaddlkalpafifwsawsaatdrpnetdlsytsnwpheplvdntptagagiwsiasiifmiaaiagmifyhstareegdpmppkndplfdlkptpsmkatrkyfyvviglimaqvgmgvitahyavegqsffgfplgqilpftvsrtihtqfavlwiatawlatglyiapaisghepkyqklgvdvlfyallfivvgstafgwlgtlqhlgtdfsfwignqgleftsmgriwqvllfvgllfwvlllgrglmpalktpsesrgliamvflaalciggfyatsltwgqtthysmveywrwwlvhlwvegffevfataviallftrlglirastansaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptfviaigamfsalevvplamigveayrnyqrsksapwvqaykwpilcfiavgfwnvvgagllgfsintpialyymqglnmtaahghaalfgvygmlgiglllfclrglsnrlawsdkllapmfwclniglammvfislvpagiyqawasitqgmwfarspevvhspfmetlvwlrvpgdvvfaigtvflawfairlltggkarpavavpvgakra
>Mannheimia_succiniciproducens_MBEL55E  coded_by=276466..278340,organism=Mannheimia succiniciproducens MBEL55E,definition=NorB protein
mreeyrhqsrvnedgnvvlsetrlqairqtadyyiklygddpsmissresfamknntlpdpearqklsdfffwtawvastnrpdaeatytnnwphepliqnvpttenimwslisiicliagigfliwaysflrdhnetapqapaadplsklnltpsqkalgkyvfltlalfvvqvglggvlahytvegqkfygvdisqlfpyslirtwhiqsalfwiatgfltaglflapiinggkdpkyqkfgvnflflallivvvgsysgnffalshqipaefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllfvgfllwlwlmlrctshsfkqggdknllaifiasiigvglfygpglfygehssitvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatcalafifynlglvgyhsatvaslmagslflvggipgtahhfyfsgtttpalaagavfsalevvplvllgseayehwsyqhrtswmqklrwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygfltlgfvllvarylkpdfqfneklmktgfwsmniglvlmiaisllpiglyqvsasiseglwyarsegflqqdflqtlrwlrtvgdlilifgavlfayevtrltfsrrt
>Estrella_lausannensis  coded_by=complement(134597..136918),organism=Estrella lausannensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mhtlpeqeeeelsywwryavivvmligfgilgfitslsyenappipgkvvdekgeilftkeniqegqsaflrynlmehgtlwghgaylgpdytaeylhqqglavldylsgkkwgkafselteeeklgikesvplilkqnrydekedtllytpgeveahkkaltywskyftegeapglpknyiqnqvdlnnltaffswaswsavanrpgescsytnnfpydplignfpcadayfwsamslifllgatglmlflfgrfdflgwdskqaprhvhetnleaipltkgqratmpyfvvvaalfflqslfggliahyrvetsfygievvdwvaynlgrtwhlqlaifwiatawvggglfiapllsgsepryqhvgirillgalvvvvlgsmtgeflsahgllpgelwfwignqgseyldlgrfwqylliagfffwlwllfrslrpafsnpklkefsllfflaaaaipvfyvpavfydqhtnftvidtwrfwiihlwvegffevfatvltatifvhmgvtklttakrviyldiilylgsgvvgtghhwyftgqtnlnmalsacfsamevvpltlltldawdfirvtkmkcidcgrflatrqlwtiyfliavgvwnfvgagifgflinlpiisyfevgtnltpnhghaamfgvfgmlslavtmfcmrnmqteevwnktkrfvqvgfiglnagmalmvlidlfpsgvlqlwdsmvngywharhlnfimsglfhqlewarlaadalfivfgviptayailltyihawkdsggtsasadskpla
>Roseobacter_litoralis_Och_149  coded_by=3223699..3225069,organism=Roseobacter litoralis Och 149,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqsialvyfavalglfaiqvsgglllgwiyvspnflseilpfnivrmlhtnslivwlllgfmgaayfvipeesereihspllayiqlaimvlgtlgvvvtylfnlfegnwllgkegrefleqpvwvkmgivvaalifmynitmtvlqgrktaitnvlllglwgltllflfafynpsnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegtwelimasvlaflmlkltgvdreiiekwlylivatalfsgilgtghhyfwigtpgywqwigsvfsalevvpffgmmafafvmvwkgrkdhpnkaallwslgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhginyythgtqitaahghlaffgayvslnlaifsyafpilrkrdpynqvlnmasfwlmaggmtfmtfvltfagtvqthaqrvqgdyfmdvqdaitifywmrfgsgiavvlgallfiyavavprkeiispsdkqpvaae
>Thauera_sp._MZ1T  coded_by=2803385..2804767,organism=Thauera sp. MZ1T,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mqyksqavampyfiaaiglfvgqiifglilglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeetetelfspklalamfwiflvagaltivgyllvpystlasmtgndilatmgrefleqplltkigivivalaflfnitmtvlkgrktvisivlllglwglaifflfsfynpvnlvrdkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimaamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtgiigtghhyfwigtpeywqwwgsifsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaavlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyfthgsqitaahghmafygayvmvvitmisyampilrgraanstkaqvlemwafwlmtiamvfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsdtpmsfmatqdqlmlfywmrewagvmffigllaylasffvkgdakgvvhg
>Hyphomicrobium_nitrativorans_NL23  coded_by=1559078..1560457,organism=Hyphomicrobium nitrativorans NL23,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkiayayflaaialfivqvsggllagwiyispntlseilpfnivrmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayfiipeesereiyspkiaywqlailligtlgavvtyvfdlfhdnillgkdgrefleqplwvkigivvaalmflynismtvlsgkktaissvliiglwglallflfafynphnlsldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasilaylmlkltgvdreivekwlyvivgtalfsgilgtghhyywigapaywqwigsifssfevvpfflmvvfafvmvwkgrrehpnkaallwslgcavlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfythgtqitaahghlaffgayvalnlaiftyafpmlrnrdpynqvlnmvsfwlmaggmcfmtfvltfagtiqthlqrvmgqyymevqdqiilfhymrfgagvavvlgailfvvaillprrevvepgplakqqlsaae
>Sphingomonas_wittichii_RW1  coded_by=complement(5075032..5077302),organism=Sphingomonas wittichii RW1,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit-like protein
mgeyrrlwwtliailtitfailglsgvevyrqappipakivttsgtelmtredimegqaawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwsadwlhrelvawldlaaaqehgkpfdrldgaqkaaltyrlqgeyrrnmldrasgtltvsdrraeairrtalhyqqlfgddpelrplredyamkedtlpdpdrraaladflfwtawaaaterpgtvatytnnwppeplignrpttenvlwslacvvlliagigaliwgwaflrdhdetaapvaaadplrgialtasqkalgkylfvvialfifqifiggltahytvegqsfygvdlsqwlpyslartwhlqsavlwiataflaaglflapvinggadprhqklgvdilfwalvlvvagsflgnylaiahllprdwsfwighqgyefldlgrvwqialfaglclwlalmlramipalradgdrnllallclstvaiglfygsglfygerssitvmeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataaiafifatlglvskriataaslvsaslfmvggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmaigaafsalevvplvilgheawerwdqrhkapwmtalrwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfmintpvalfylqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpdlilnerlmrvgfwslnaglvlmiftsllpiglfqfqasvttgmwyarsadflqqplfqtlrwvrtfgdvvfiigavalawqvvvlglwkggrrapplpaae
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K42  coded_by=complement(3164828..3167116),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K42,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawsdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L355  coded_by=complement(103552..105786),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L355,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mslslmekvmskkslyasfwivsifmvtiliyftanlakevpplpkqvvsvegeilytyddivngkamfqqfdlmdygsllgmgaylgpdftteflhkraeflnnyyaneiygtnftslddmkkasikarviqdvkkqtslkeegvsytkasalaykankeylinfltkgdekrawrgniirtdeaaliaaffdwsqlvsssvrptahdgrswsnnwppeplidqdvtftshlvslieflllwaltivivfmayeyifnkehqdgelseplkitkifpsqekllkyipivalfvliqmvlggylahiyadptdhfiisqdilpfnvtralhtniaiiwvaigwlvgglliapivagkdlrfprlvdllwtalivvgvgglvgiymgaqgymrdtwfwlgnegrellnlarvwdiglviglvlwfgmvystirnakgnklligtiiwsafgiatlylagmyplhkiapnytvddyyrwwvvhlwveltfelfaagviaylsvalglvrektaekvmllelglimfsgtlgvghhywwqgldeywiaiggifsaleplplallmieaikeqnhiksegknfdfgipfmwlagsaflnwfgagflgmvintptisyyshgtylimphahvallgafgyisiafiymtartnslakglewnetmskwafwlitigvivyvlptmiigieqtstahtfgyfaarsrelledmsgwmwfrilpdsmmilgslllfidtfkkvylarkitk
>Sphingobium_japonicum_BiD32  coded_by=121912..124191,organism=Sphingobium japonicum BiD32,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mqsyqttfsikrlwiilsagmvvmfgillllgqqiyqqappipeavkaasgetlfthadidsgqsiwqsiggmeqgsiwghgsylapdwsadwlhreatallamsaapppaglsatqvdamrkaalreemrantydpasgiimvsdtrarairqvqqhfvrlyagsdpaslklrrdyafpvygrlsvaearqlsafyfwtawgattnrpgqtitytsnwpheplvgnspttgtllwslasvilllaaagalvayyvkqfdvwrsdilpeggmaqsdllgqavitpsmratakyfwvvcalfiaqvllgiltahyavegqglyglpfaeylpytitrtwhtqlavlwiatawlatglyvapllagrdpkfqrfgvnflfvslliivigsfagqwaavhrffdnltanfwfghqgyeyvdlgrfwqiylliglllwvglvvralkpvlqqegsksliylvlvsalaigllygaglmwgqhtniavmeywrwwvvhlwvegifevfataiisllfvrmgilrtatatvmvlfativflfggvlgtfhhlyfsgtptsviaigamisalevvpllvvgfeaytrykveheaeweriyhwpfmffaavlfwnlvgaglfgflinppialyymqglnttanhghaalfgvygmlglgltlycmrgltdirvwnqkwirisfwslniglammtflsllpqgvlqtyasvehgyayarsaefihspimqalvwarvpgdvvfavgvfafawfmfraflpgknavsdr
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus  coded_by=complement(42899..45139),organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfadlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvendtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenvvwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredeqdppipevdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslirtwhiqsalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilywalvvlvigsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmdrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvvmivssllpigiiqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root329  coded_by=complement(27981..29351),organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root329,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryrsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllnllpfdvtksihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrgelhstklayiqlglwtamgvtavlgylfgygtgnklleqplphkivivicmlmflynigmtikkagrftategvlllglasaavlflpallhyenyvvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywigvphywlplggffsalepmaligmaiyaynamrrsglshpnklalhwtlgsavftmfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpgmtrrpveessigywafwlqlggmfgmtlsfatagigqvylerilglgyldvqlkiqvhflmlvatasmfslgaglfifeffrhapdfnvdeadpvlatprasgaal
>Propionibacterium_acidipropionici_ATCC_4875  coded_by=2858137..2860506,organism=Propionibacterium acidipropionici ATCC 4875,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mlpmtnttkvvsstrrpmvvgkgwiqgvvlvmllgftimgavtwatytdsmpmpekvattegtelftkaditagqvifqnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrratdntlqqrreagahdpteankadwrtnrydektgvltfspqqasayqdlvryytdyfgknshnlglladnikdpvqakqltsffawtawasaadrpgknysytnnwpsesrvdnkptadmvlwsalslivliggtgimfaiygrwsrtigwhasevpslsfirprdvgltksqrmcswfflviaalffmqtivgaaaehyrsdltsffgfdlaswfpynlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflapfisgrepkhqgrwtgvllaavaivvfgslgsemlsiygvswargplfgqqweyldlprlyqtlltvgmflwvfiiwrsirgrlkgesrgnmpwvfffsalsipafyavgqlatsgshlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvlvayifvmlgvvrekvalgiiymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsssmavgaffsaaevipltfltveawafmqlgarqesqsktpfphrwcvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgfiinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmlalalgmfalrylipeekwndklakisfwctnigliwmvfvtllplgllqlyhavgagyfearslnyitshrnsvlewmrmpgdivfivggvlpflwmafqgwrfrnrgktvdelpveslftvpgpagndpspadgaehattegprs
>Sulfolobus_solfataricus_P2  coded_by=complement(1417062..1418666),organism=Sulfolobus solfataricus P2,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, subunit I (cytochrome B) (norB-1)
misllgytngfpyipqqtqpsvnvslstwimvivllavlvsmvsyvslkildhwrdprisvplpppsasqrigligvffasvlagiqgllgylamhyyvdpegilglinflpfnitralhlnmavvwialtwiafsifalpylgvplsrklsfailgltlfagvglllgillsynelipspywfifgaqgrpndadqgtfwlllvalilllasslffkaskstaeplrpltritaigllgsgigaifgslpiiapwpnftedqfflwimihsfvegfwpsivipvvlillvvnnlvppslatmaasidsaseilsgmigtahhyyfggepvfwmylgasaailevvpilfltyyafllwrrgeaktefqktlvattlisaigggfvgaiiggasilnapiinyyvhglqftmahahlafplvwgltailmwiaalylsngikenelktlrimiliyaigfilqgidlwalgavqlatvlrvgywaakgtlfylqpilnlivwlrivgdivagfaatviiiytlkgviksykiki
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_HC02  coded_by=complement(2311400..2313691),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae HC02,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase
mqkthsltdkrwwsalatvviasfvvllwmgqqinihkppipervqtiqgqvlftkddivhgqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreatimldswaqeqghehysdlpaeqqaalkerlkktmrsntydaqtgtitlddlrvdamrsnaqyyselfrdghehyaiphnalndkaaaddmtaffwwtswsastnapdsdisytqnwpheplidnapptgnimwslisfvlllagigglvwyhsarkedeinpdlipdkdplmgftptpsqratlkyfyvvgllfmlqiacgiisahygveggalfgipidhvlpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawlatglyvgpavggkeprfqhlgvnvlfgallivvlgsmvgewasimgklgygnpinfwigtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglflwfalmwrslapalrrikscggqlhataeaplavgsqrsliamlllsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfarlglirvasattsvissttifltggiigtahhlyftgapahvmalgavfsalevvpltlvgiealhnlrllklrdwvsdykwavyffvavafwnmvgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcirslmpgrkwndkwiawgfwgmnagllamsflsllplglaqawasidtglwyarsdeflyspvltlirwlrvpgdilfgigamaigvfmvklltkkr
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_14405_=_CCUG_16156  coded_by=1641..3008,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 14405 = CCUG 16156,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirksgrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamityalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlndtepvlaetevrpt
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-105ASC  coded_by=complement(21974..23341),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-105ASC,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryqsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkyigpdpllyilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmipeesraelhstklayvqlvlwtlmgvtaiigylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtirksgrfttteavlmigfvsaallylpallhyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwmmimggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvptywlpiggffsaleplalvgmaayaygamrrsglahpntlalhwtigsalfslfgagllglahtwpsvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivmamityalpsltagrreqgtalgywafwlqitgmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqihfvmliataslftvgvalfiydffrytprfvlndtepvlaetevrpt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_354a  coded_by=<1..1436,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 354a,definition=nitric oxide reductase
llqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Maribacter_sp._HTCC2170  coded_by=complement(3594811..3596151),organism=Maribacter sp. HTCC2170,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqkvaywffalsmlllvlqlvygfvmgfarigfdnlhefgipfntaravhtnllvvwllsgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvnvklayvqlislalvgvaavvgyhfnywegrkfleiprpldflvvvnvllflglilvtlfkgkrrtttalvlsmgllfaallylpgmlpfdsqvtdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgvlgtghhyyyigvnkiwlivggifsaleplaflamalfavnmyrkgekkhpnklalywtlgaaivsfvgagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghlafwgaygmivlaiisyslpnmtgrklytsstgraafwlsnigmigmtvafgvagvvqvylerklgmefmevqnetkvhfvvlilcatlfttgiimyivdfykhgkpsdealeinq
>Mycobacterium_fortuitum  coded_by=4652259..4654559,organism=Mycobacterium fortuitum,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mavkestsqpligkgwvqgvalvmifgffimgllayrtytasmpmpdtvvtesgqvvftgdeitrgqelfqsrglqeygsivghgaylgpdytadylrratedvatqlrdggmadthdavvtefrtnrfnpetrtlvftdrqaeafdritqhyaeffgedstkhgllprlitdpaeihdltaffawtawasaadrpghnysytnnwpseprvdngptaqlivwstlslimllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeapmlsfrqpgevpltraqrstiwffaivsllflaqallggavqhyradlsnffgldlaailpynlartwhlqlallwtaaaflaggifltpfisrreprrqhwlsygllgavvivvvgslitealsiygivpsgslfsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmflwiaiiwrgmrarlktesklnmpwvfffsglaipmfyavgllagsdthltvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvsqrialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqttgdakpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarvsfwclniglawmvfasllplgvlqlyhsvnegyfearslgyitqpgnavlewlrlpgdlifiiggvvpfvwialqavrhfksgpttdempenplytevsptpvpear
>Parachlamydia_acanthamoebae_UV-7  coded_by=2733644..2735947,organism=Parachlamydia acanthamoebae UV-7,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mqsqfnesdnlsiwwrytviivmiigfailgfvtslayenappipdkvidnknnviftkeniqqgqsaflrynlmehgtlwghgaylgpdytaeylhqealtimdyiaqqkmgksfvelsqeqqfgikenvsfilkqnrfdfnknvlvytpeeieafdkaliywkgyftqgmapglpknfiqnsddlrnlttffswaswvavtnrpnencsytnnfpydplignfpcsdayfwsamslifmlgaiglmlflfgkfdflgwdpkrkprhvhethletsplsagqlatmpyfvvvavlfllqtlfggliahyrvessfyglsivdwvaynlgrtwhlqlaifwiatawvggglfiapmlsgaeprnqkfgiqlllwalvlvvlgsltgeflsaqgllpgemwfwignqgseyldlgrawqylliagfffwlwllfralrpafsnpklkefsilfflaaaaipifyvpavfyhhqtnftvidtwrfwiihlwvegffevfatvltatifvqmgltklitakrviyldiilylgagvvgtghhwyftgqtsvnmalsacfsamevvpltlltldawdfirvsnlrceecgrflaaqqkwtiyylisvgiwnfigagvfgflinlpiisyfevgtnltqnhghaamfgvfgmlalavtmfcmrsmqtekiwemtknlikigfwglnigmglmvildlfpsgvlqlwdsivngywharhlnfimsgffhtlewvrlgadmifivvgviptvsaifitfmygrkrdeefvkstr
>Mycobacterium_chimaera  coded_by=complement(2862..5186),organism=Mycobacterium chimaera,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlfsgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Mycobacterium_chimaera  coded_by=complement(2794..5118),organism=Mycobacterium chimaera,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlfsgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Mycobacterium_chimaera  coded_by=complement(2794..5118),organism=Mycobacterium chimaera,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlfsgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Mycobacterium_sp._TKK-01-0059  coded_by=complement(297150..299474),organism=Mycobacterium sp. TKK-01-0059,definition=hypothetical protein
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlfsgaqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllaghdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Propionibacterium_acnes_C1  coded_by=complement(2113492..2115825),organism=Propionibacterium acnes C1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mgdegkkpedtrrrpmvvskgwvqgivlvmilgftvmgilayhtyndsipipdkvvsttgevlfthddivagqeafnnrglmeygsivghggylgpdftadylrraatltldvrikarenqphqanikdwrtnrydsrtgvlvlsrqqtaayhhlvsyyttyfgrnshnlglladdikgpaqarhltdffawtawgaaadrpghsysytnnwpadptvanrptadmvvwsvlslivliggtgvmfaiygrwsknigwhesetpslsfippsqvgltksqratswfffviavlflfqtlvgaaaehyradissffgfdlaawlpynlartwhvqlalfwtaaaflaggiflapfvsgkeprrqhvltyvllgavafvvfgsltsealsvygvswakgpvfgqqweyidlskmfqllltlgmflwvfiiwramhtrmrtesvgnmpwvfffsalsipmfyavgllagthtqlsvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrekvalgviymdvilysaggvlgtmhhlyfsgtpsahmaigaffsaaevipltfltveawgfmqlgarresrsstpfphrwtvmflvavgfwnfvgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtaltanhahgammgvygmmamalamfalrylipawndklakisfwctniglawmvfvtllplgilqlyhsvdagyfearqlnyitehcnvvlewlrmpgdlvfiiggvlpflwmtfqglmhhregrtvdelpverlfieeapgeqghaqlpeatr
>Idiomarina_abyssalis  coded_by=46984..49224,organism=Idiomarina abyssalis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
magyrklwwtliavlaitfgvlgyfgtevyreappipdkfmstngnvvateesvldgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrellawldirahevfdkpyeqltgvqqnqleyelkeeyrtntydkasdtvtlserriqaieqtgeyysklfsddpelrptrvsyamkentlpsaerravmndfffwtawaaaterpdaditytnnwphetlidnvpsaeniiwsivsvilliagigfliwawaflrdkeeeelvapehdpiakvkltpsqkalgkylfivvalftfqvlmggltahytvegqefyginisewfpysltrtwhiqaamfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkyqklgvdilfwalvlvvagtfignwlaiaqimpehlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgivfwlvlmmrcvvgafkekgdknllalftasvvaiglfygagffygerthisimeywrwwivhlwvegffevfataslafifhsmglvsrrmatvaalasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgyeawenyslqkradwmqrlkwpllcfvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppislyyvqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfvllilryirptlqfdeklmkmafwtmniglalmlftsllpvgfiqfyaaateglwyarseafmqqpllqnlrwfrtvgdmvfivgalgitwqvikglkhksa
>Shewanella_frigidimarina_NCIMB_400  coded_by=3890768..3893056,organism=Shewanella frigidimarina NCIMB 400,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
msknkltgfallivlvasftvllslgsgiyrekppiptaftdtsghpiftendieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhreaqawlsitakarfnrdfaeldseqqaglekalrndmrhntvvesaedktyvtlsntrvaainevtqhylslfgddpalsslreqyamkegtitdashrellnaflfwgswaavterpgydytytnnwpydpqignlptsdnivwsvlsvvtlilgiamliwhhacckeealpepakddplfftkptpsqkavgkyfvtaiglfllqillggitahyavegqefygfplseilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsgyepkyqrlgvnilwgalvvivlgsmagewlgvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqvlllaglliwlalvtasmrpalkvsndmqpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhsnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialmlvrlglirarsangavlfstvvfltggligtlhhlyftgtqtsviawgaifsalevvplaligfeametyrlrkaspwmeryhwaimffvatsfwnlvgagvlgflinppislyfiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgiglmlfclrgltgnmqwnhkylkgafwtlniglaamvfmsllpvgivqffaaidhgywyarspavihsdlvenlvwmrmfgdiifsiggllmaaflfdlikkaivskgakakqagaltin
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(240458..242014),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqvgffiglvfwsalilrglwpglasikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(223795..225351),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqvgffiglvfwsalilrglwpglasikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(2962065..2963621),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
myhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqvgffiglvfwsalilrglwpglasikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvhleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=complement(186222..188507),organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdanrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtsvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifsslglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepalraeparr
>Neisseria_meningitidis_96037  coded_by=complement(10012..12267),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 96037,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_sp._AAC  coded_by=43519..45798,organism=Pseudomonas sp. AAC,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgeyrklwwaliavlgvtfcilgwfgrevyrqappipaqvrsetgetlftgtdildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldigaheqygkafgeldgdqqavllarlkreyrgnraedgvltlsarrveavrhtadyyialfgddpalqhsrksfamkegtlpdlarrqelthfffwtawaaaterpgsaatytnnwpheplignqptaenvmwsivsvvlliagvgflvwawaflrgheeaepepplqdplslvaltpsqralgkylllvvglfgfqvllggatahytvegqdfygiplsqwfpysllrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapvinggkdpkhqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsfignylaiaqlmppqwnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkflgiafwlllmlrgilpafakpgdknllallsasviaiglfygaglaygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifsnmglvsgraattaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlknraawmqrvkwplacfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvalyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqlhfnerlmktafwclngglvlmlatsllpigiiqfhasasvglwyarseefmqqpllqtlrwvrtfgdlvfivgalsmawqvvtgvlspsgkpvkvfaeggvqeqv
>Halogeometricum_borinquense_DSM_11551  coded_by=complement(153309..155609),organism=Halogeometricum borinquense DSM 11551,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mkvsrqtiakalvavfiinlvvmgvgayyssqhvppipkevvgpdgdvivtqsqvqngkiafqkdglmnhgsilgngayygvdytadaldlkvqymreyyaqerhgsayekldtaeqasvnslvradldeslakntetirysaaevyaheqareeyvqryhegsaerglpadfigsaedarrfadfamwtawishtdrpgsdhsftnewpynpaagnaptgstmtwsvismvllvaavgigvwlynsvelpepeitsievpppdeislspsqraatrfiplagalfalqvllggllahyyverhaffgieklfgvelisvlpfslaktfhldlailwiaslwlgaglflpplltnyepprqktyihvllgalivaavgglagiwfgaqgyidgalwwilgnegleylevgrlwqvgllvgfvlwtalvwrgfrplikresryglahlivyaggsigllftagmlytpqtnivmtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivsivgltlvsmgllkkrsaekavafqalfvmgsgvigaahhywwvgqpdvwvplgsvfstleliplililfeamgqyralatsddgfpytlpfmfiiasgfwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmatymlrisakpaqwtgkrlrwafwlwniglavmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftqsyaaarslafyngelvqllfwarlpgdtmiilgtlvfaydmvkkrftlrpvstpgeapsgtipdrvmaeddd
>Halogeometricum_borinquense_DSM_11551  coded_by=17078..19378,organism=Halogeometricum borinquense DSM 11551,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mkvsrqtiakalvavfiinlvvmgvgayyssqhvppipkevvgpdgdvivtqsqvqngkiafqkdglmnhgsilgngayygvdytadaldlkvqymreyyaqerhgsayekldtaeqasvnslvradldeslakntetirysaaevyaheqareeyvqryhegsaerglpadfigsaedarrfadfamwtawishtdrpgsdhsftnewpynpaagnaptgstmtwsvismvllvaavgigvwlynsvelpepeitsievpppdeislspsqraatrfiplagalfalqvllggllahyyverhaffgieklfgvelisvlpfslaktfhldlailwiaslwlgaglflpplltnyepprqktyihvllgalivaavgglagiwfgaqgyidgalwwilgnegleylevgrlwqvgllvgfvlwtalvwrgfrplikresryglahlivyaggsigllftagmlytpqtnivmtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivsivgltlvsmgllkkrsaekavafqalfvmgsgvigaahhywwvgqpdvwvplgsvfstleliplililfeamgqyralatsddgfpytlpfmfiiasgfwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmatymlrisakpaqwtgkrlrwafwlwniglavmvfvsvlpvgflqletaftqsyaaarslafyngelvqllfwarlpgdtmiilgtlvfaydmvkkrftlrpvstpgeapsgtipdrvmaeddd
>Porphyromonas_sp._KLE_1280  coded_by=complement(917999..920245),organism=Porphyromonas sp. KLE 1280,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mtpkklwyalaavillsfgvlgffgleifrtmppfptkvvttdgttlfegqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsvwghgayiapdwsadylhreaelllkkfaerdgldyaslpaaeqakyqvllreevrkntfdeatgvitysplraevahelgayyaklflgdnspefvklrsayalrdksiedprkmeqmsaffawaswvcvtnrpgtdvsytnnwphdptigniaptslhlwsgfsvlmlltcvgilvyyyaqskedevgvlptsdplrgmkptpsmrattkyiwivsililvqmvlgaitahygvegdalfglpiqdflpqavsrswhvqlailwiatswlatglyiapavsgvepkfqrlgvnvlfgalifvvagslvgqwlgvmqklgliqnfwlghqgyeyvelgrlwqilllvglvlwlflmiralipalkrkdenrhlltlfiiaslaiaffyaaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfcrlgllriqsatvsvlfstiiflsggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligmeayhnyklskstewieaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyylqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfclrglypdykwndkligtafwminiglflmvtvsvlpigilqahesitnaywsarsaefmqqdhmqlirwmrmpgdlilgvgelllvvfifglqfgwsrkgtr
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_LGA251  coded_by=281683..283974,organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus LGA251,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=1637157..1638512,organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mryetqsiakvywygamlifavqvcfgllggliyimpnvlsellpfniirmvhtnalivwlllgffgatyylvpeesereiystklayiqfaifffgalaavvgylfhvnanearsyleqplwvklgiivaaliflfnismtvlqgrktaitnvlllglwgiaifflfslynpgnlsedkmfwwyvvhlwvegvwelvmasvlafimlkitgvdreviekwlyvivatalfsgvlgtghhyywigapgywqwigsifsslevvpffgmvlftftmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwslgcsvlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfythgtqvtaahghlafygayvclnlammtyafpqlknrapynqvlnmisfwvlsggvvfmtvsltfagvlqthlervmglsymevqdqlglfylmrfgagvvtvigalmfiyallvprtaeviapanglgapae
>Haloferax_elongans_ATCC_BAA-1513  coded_by=338257..340545,organism=Haloferax elongans ATCC BAA-1513,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
mkvsrqtlwrllaavfvvnlvvmglgawysaqqappipdevvgpdgeslatgadirqgkvvfqqnglmnhgsilgngayfgtdltaealdmkveymrdyyarekygtsfseldadgkaaisdqvrreldsavgregtieysaaeiyaheqvreryvelyhegelergipsgtvsdeaearrladfamwtawfshadrpgsdhsytnewpyqpaagnepagatmtwsviamvllvagagigvwlyksvelpepktgvvdvphprdvaltpsqraasryvpiaallfvvqvllggllahyyierdgffglgellgidflsilpfsmaktlhldlgilwiatlwlgaglflpplltghepknqdryvngllvalvvvvvggmtgiwlgangyidgqlwwilgnegleylevgrfwqfgllagfliwaglaargfkplldkeapyglahmilyaggsiallftagllytpqtnivttefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffiiavvsltlvsmnllsrrsaekavafealfvmgtgvigvshhywwvgqpdvwlplgsifstleliplvlilfeamneyrtlatsgesfpytlpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplvnyyehgtyltvahahaamfgafgflalgmatyilrltvspgqwverrlrwafwlwnaglalmvlvsllpvgflqlevaftqsyaaarslefyngglvqalfwarmpgdtlliagtivfaydvvkkrfvlretsdvpartpvsdqvmsddd
>Hydrogenophaga_sp._Root209  coded_by=complement(457620..458996),organism=Hydrogenophaga sp. Root209,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mryrsqsvaywyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsatkylgpdpllnilpfdvtkvihtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelysvklayvqlvlwtlmgvtavvgylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmliflynigmtiwrskrftttegvlvlglglaallylpalleyenytvsiyyrwwtihlwvegvwvmiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvfiagilgtahhyywvgvpsywlpiggifsalepaalvgmamfaysamrragfshpntlalhwtigsalftlfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamityalpamapgrsekgsslgywafwmqlggmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerimgmgyldaqlkiqvhfvmliatgslfaigvglfiydffrhaprfdveadtpaarsptepvlsts
>Pseudoxanthomonas_sp._Root630  coded_by=complement(293686..295959),organism=Pseudoxanthomonas sp. Root630,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mnstrklwvglaalliasfavllwvgsevhrqappvpervvaqdgrviftrqdietgrqvwqsiggqqlgsiwghggyvapdwgadwlhreaeaildgwakreagvegykqldaptqaayatrvqalmrpntydaatgsitlsndradaigvvgahyqslfsadpatgdlreayamrndtvpdaehrrqltafywwaawssvterpgaaisytanwpadelvgntpppsafmwtvfsvlfliagvallgwhyavnhgdemapvlpksdplakikitpsmratakyfwvvialfvvqillgaitahyqvegqeaygfaladilpysltrtwhtqlavlwiatawlgmglyigpaisghepkfqrlgvnflwtclivivvgaftgqwfavmqklglehnfwfghqgweyvdlgrfwqwflfigltlwlvlvgralwpairnggesrsivsllflstvaiglfyaaglmwgehthlsmveywrwwvvhlwvegffevfavaviaflftrlgllqtktatvavlfativfmaggvlgtlhhlyftgtptavialgasfsalevvplayvgfeayhswkmgkatpwmqryrwpiqffiavsfwnlvgaglfgflinpplplyymqglnltpnhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglkpdvvwnekllktafwslniglagmslltllplgilqlnaalehgywfarsaefmqqpivdmlvwmrvpadtlfsvgalalvwfvaslwlsprreplpvaqpgea
>Dechlorosoma_suillum_PS  coded_by=3331380..3332756,organism=Dechlorosoma suillum PS,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqyksqavatpyfiaaiglfvgqiifglimglqyvigdflfpmipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymipeesetelfspklalamfwiflvagaltivgylavpyatlaeltgndlletmgrefleqplitkvgivivalaflfnismtvlkgrktsislvmllglwglavfflfsfynptnlvldkffwwwtvhlwvegvwelilgamlafvlikvtgvdreviekwlyviitltlvtgiigtghhyfwigtpeywqwwgsvfsalepipffamtvfafnmvnrrrrehpnkaatlwalgtgvmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqitaahghmafygayvmvnltmisyampilrgraansnksqvlemwsfwlmtisivfitlfltaagilqvwlqrvsetplsfmatqdkislfywmrewtgvvfliglilyiasffvkgedkaaa
>Leptospira_wolbachii_serovar_Codice_str._CDC  coded_by=2390809..2392158,organism=Leptospira wolbachii serovar Codice str. CDC,definition=putative nitric-oxide reductase, NorB
mrfqsqkvaywffatcmlllslqivygfimgfarigldglhdyipfntarathtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeesdrelysvklayiqliswvvvgviaiigfhfnwwegrkfleiprpldylvvvnvltflfniamtiweakkrsttqlvlffgllcaallylpgmiyfdnqtidsyfrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvvvgltflsgilgtghhyywigtpkywlmvggifsaleplaflgmaiwalnmyrkkgknhpnkialywtlgsammsfigagflgfahtwpavnqwthgtlitamhghlafwgayamlvlavisyampnltgrklftgmsgylafwasnigmlgmtgalavagitqvylerklgmdflvvqkeiifhfigmllaatlftvgityfivdfirhglpsnealgknvgdld
>Achromobacter_sp._Root83  coded_by=123623..125908,organism=Achromobacter sp. Root83,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgpyrklwftliavvaitfallgfyggevyrqappipgqivttdgralfgredildgqtawqsvggmqlgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardehgqaydklaapaqaalreslkaeyrgnrsdaatdtltitprralaieqtaayydqlfsdapalhrsrenfamkentlpdaarrtqltqfffwtawaaateregkpvtytnnwpheplignqpsaenvmwsiisvvvllagigflvwawaflrgkeeeepqapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkvgvdilfwalvlvvvgsftgnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyslspglmklafwgmnvglalmiftsllpvgliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdllktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvmqvilgllsakpslaeprlqpkaarg
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha153  coded_by=70719..72566,organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha153,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwgetpalaadvlrgsrlleydrcrcirfpd
>Lactobacillus_fermentum_NB-22  coded_by=complement(8853..11195),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum NB-22,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktqygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpghsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqsrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Lactobacillus_fermentum  coded_by=complement(9329..11671),organism=Lactobacillus fermentum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktqygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpghsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqsrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Lactobacillus_fermentum  coded_by=2480..4822,organism=Lactobacillus fermentum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqdqyrrlsrtlivtlvvvfsiliaggllifkneaprpakivteagttlvskqqlisgqatyekyqladygtylgngaylgpdytaqalhvylqgmyryyaktqygksfnklttlqqegikgkvkeeirvnrynakdkeltltkaqtagyqyllkyyrkafinnpkqvglpdnmiknrtneymvkgnkvdqltafffwgawlsstnrpghsysytnnwpydleagnvmtpkamtwtgisvallvmgvaiaiwvqkkynfeskaqyqkdvpiiepdtlpittsqrktakyfalvmvlflvqillgelmahyyventffgialqniwpfnlahswhlqlvifwvattwlgagiyivprvlrrepvrqgilvdvlfwalifvvggsmlgewltdlgvlnknwwlfgnggweylelgkfwqylliaamvlwivmlmrgfvpamrrkdnqsrtrlvtmlflgaiavpafycasifimpdshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafaviltgwllvdmklttikstiralyfqlilllgsgvvgtghhyfwmgdhslwlalgasfsaleivplsllvweaythyrvyqdtyhnfpykttfiflmwtgiwntlgagalgflinapainyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaiilyvlrnvtvkefwtakmekairwsawllniglagmvfatlmpvgqlqladalkygywharqmsfyheklislilwgrmpwdliftagviillvvcwkalfhlkkadnqaaaaeyerfaaaetksqaneide
>Ralstonia_eutropha_H16  coded_by=complement(256894..259182),organism=Ralstonia eutropha H16,definition=nitric oxide reductase qNor type
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllayygaevyrqappmpakvvaadgrtlftgedildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaaqdayhkpydkldaaargalreqlraeyrgnaadpatsvltvsnrraqamaatagyydklfsdapelhtsrehfamkentlpsaerrqqlthfffwtawaaaterpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgheealpqapardpllsfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvflggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvdilfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklppnlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgiapalrarsggdknllalltssvvaiglfygaglfygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawdnwrlkdrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlspglmktafwglnaglvlmigtsllpvgiiqflasvehgtwyarseefmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfalqvvlgllgkapalaapegrlnaaqr
>Capnocytophaga_granulosa_ATCC_51502  coded_by=229239..231482,organism=Capnocytophaga granulosa ATCC 51502,definition=hypothetical protein
mtakklwiwlgatvaasflvlifygteiyrtapdfptkivttdgqvlyegqdikdgqnvwqsmggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwnadylhreslilldllaqkdgkhyqdlsdeeqakyqvqlkkelrtntfdektgvitfsaeraeasrqmaayytklfmddpsmdatrksyaiprnaikdphrmqqmnafftwstwvcstnrpgeqvsytnnwpydplvgnvastslqmwsgfsvlmllfgvgilvfyhaynkedeesehlpaqdpmremkptpsmratlkyiwivsllilvqmlagvitahygvegegffgipldlilpqaisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsghepkgqklgvnilfiallivvlgslagqwfgvmqklglvenfyfghqgyeylelgrfwqillfvglflwlflmvralipalkrkdesrhllllfvlssvaiaafygaglmygrqthmavaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflfsrlgllrikvasvsvlfstivflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptgvlalgatfsameivplvligfeayhnyklsrttpwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglilfvlrglyperhwndrligwafwlinigllvmicvsilpigimqavesirhgywsarsvefmqtdlmqtirwlrvsgdlllafgelllvyfiiglktgwslkeer
>Staphylococcus_aureus_O11  coded_by=149233..151524,organism=Staphylococcus aureus O11,definition=putative nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=652674..654965,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(160431..162722),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=223866..226157,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=860842..863133,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=complement(160373..162664),organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=860985..863276,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus  coded_by=652667..654958,organism=Staphylococcus aureus,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekenqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmalwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsisialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmlvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=614653..616938,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdasrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtpvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(263709..265994),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mgpyrrlwftliavlavtfallgfyggevyrqappipeevasadgtrlfgrddildgqtawqsiggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhrelmawldlaardahgrdygqldapaqaalreqlkaeyranradaaggkltlsprraqavaqteayydqlfsdapalhrsrenyamkentlpdasrrrqmthfffwtawaaateregtpvtytnnwpheplignhpssenvmwsiisvvvllagiglliwawaflrgkeedeppapardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfgfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidlsqwfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggrdpkyqkagvdilfwalvlvvvgsfagnylaiaqimppdlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagicfwlvlmlrgivpalrtpggdknllalltasvgaiglfygagffygerthltvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrrmattaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlktrapwmenlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppvslyyiqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpqyalspglmklafwglnlglalmiftsllpigliqfhasvsegmwyarseafmqqdilktlrwgrtfgdvvfllgalamvvqvilgllsgkpaaaepvlraeparr
>Haloarcula_amylolytica_JCM_13557  coded_by=complement(276..2558),organism=Haloarcula amylolytica JCM 13557,definition=cytochrome B subunit of nitric oxide reductase
melkrktiakviaaafvfnlvvmgagawiayqeappipeqvvgpdgetlvtgedirdgkkafqknglmnhgsilgngayygadytadslelktqhmrtyyaeerygteydslstaeqaavdddvkqdlsgeytggnieysaaelyaheqvrqeyveryhegshergipegmidseadarqfadfamwtawfshtdrpggehsytndwpyepaagndatgaamtwsviamvllvaaagggiwlyqsvslpepsagdlsvpepgdvsifpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfamaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstyinvllgaivvvtvgglggiwlgshgyfgdlwwlfgnegleylevgkvwqvgllagfglwavlsirglkplldrepvfglahmilyaggsiallftagffftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnllsrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwvgmpdmwvpigsvfstlellplvfilyealgqyramsetggfpyklpfmfiiasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlqlaikpgrwdgswlraafwcwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaaftgsyaaarsvafynqplvqtlfwarlpgdtliilgtaiyaadlirkrfvlrrseddptvedmavaegvmsdd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM576  coded_by=complement(122146..124401),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM576,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM2781  coded_by=complement(165664..167919),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM2781,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM183  coded_by=complement(88036..90291),organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM183,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM140  coded_by=788..3043,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM140,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2003051  coded_by=complement(2543..4798),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2003051,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpnetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpaedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhlqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafifynmgfvrrstatastlaagaifmlggipgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR456  coded_by=6565..8853,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR456,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR338  coded_by=22220..24508,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR338,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR346  coded_by=2792549..2794837,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR346,definition=nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2988095..2990383,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27013..29301),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27025..29313),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27041..29329),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27021..29309),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27029..29317),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(1815663..1817951),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR840  coded_by=complement(2625512..2627800),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR840,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21566..23854,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2755249..2757537,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27042..29330),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=21581..23869,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27036..29324),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27716..30004),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NCTC_13179  coded_by=complement(2969500..2971788),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NCTC 13179,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27716..30004),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase norZ
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7498  coded_by=20890..23178,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7498,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_ABCPW_107  coded_by=20954..23242,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei ABCPW 107,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(3078009..3080297),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3335  coded_by=2971388..2973676,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3335,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR640  coded_by=complement(63144..65432),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR640,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(27720..30008),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7504  coded_by=21008..23296,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7504,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=895863..898151,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4375  coded_by=complement(981449..983737),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4375,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvashyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1153  coded_by=649302..651623,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1153,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Neisseria_meningitidis_98080  coded_by=complement(28273..30528),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 98080,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvvsetrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdlkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmivisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_ST_1413  coded_by=complement(3326..5617),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus ST 1413,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpeqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkykv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_subsp._aureus_21269  coded_by=complement(33007..35298),organism=Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus 21269,definition=putative membrane protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhaelavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpeqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkvehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfniaktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgkepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewghilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmilwviilcrgflpairnkvqanhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyrlykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfitlmpvgyiqlkdalehgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkykv
>Bacillus_sp._FJAT-18017  coded_by=2263430..2265799,organism=Bacillus sp. FJAT-18017,definition=nitric oxide reductase
melqretkvpkivktnknallksiliitilfsftilltggywifkeqaprpmkvtnsegevlftketimggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealrvytegmqdykaekkfgkdfksldtdqqsvirdnvivemrenrydpekdslrltpaqalgyervqqyygkvftdgdgwglkagliqekhmpdgersyvakgdqikqisdfyfwtawlsstvrkgdeitytnnwpyyedagnvmsfgaiwwsgvsvtvlilfvglilfvfyryhlgmqeaykdgnfpridlrkipvtasqvktgkyfvivmtlffvqamfgallahyyiepdsffgnkwiaeilpfnitkgfhlqlaifwiatawlgmgiylaplvgghepkkqgllvdilfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgangylgnnwfllghqgweylelgrlwqvilvagmliwlfivyrgiksglkretdkgglihllfysaiavplfyifaffinpdtsftfadywrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigflmvqmrlvtksstvkalyfqlilllgsgvigighhyyyngsaeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvdfpykgtfwflisvaiwnlvgagvlgflinlpavsflehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfacavlvfsmrnivkpeawndkwvkiscialnvglagmvfvsllpvgfaqikeayfngyaasrssdflktdfvqtmltwrsvpdtvfligvvilllfslkglfnlrkvthsegellpvpdlaedddee
>Dyella_jiangningensis  coded_by=4729389..4731674,organism=Dyella jiangningensis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mqstrrlwrwlaimflasfavlgwlgheiylaappipkqvvttdgrviftgeqiqrgqeawlqaggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealgyrelmaqshygrpydkldaaeqgsanalmkstlrgntydaatgtltidadraaviqqvaghytslfgtdpaldklreqyammpgslpdaqdlnalpafffwsswaaatdrpgethlsytsnwpheplidnvptaangmwsiasfigliaaiagmvwfhaanheeadpvapkadplfnlaptpsmratmkyfyvvialmalqvimgvitahysvegtsffgiplatvlpfvasrtihtqlavlwiatawlatglyigpalsgkepkyqklgvnallvalvvvvagslvcgwlgtmqklgfdygfwignqgleytsmgriwqillfvglmfwlllmgralwpalmrpsesrgliamvfiaatciglfyasslawgqhthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifsrlglirastanaaivletivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtptsviavgamfsalevvplamigfegyrnyqrskaapwvanykwiilcfiavgfwntvgagllgfainppislyyvqglnltpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrglapranwsdsllksmfwllniglammvfislvpsgiyqawtsveyglwyarspdvvhsafmqwmvwlrvpgdvvfalgiaylaafawkllartrapapasviapqatrsqa
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha14  coded_by=complement(1545767..1548022),organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha14,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmakddilagqsawqttggmevgsvlghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsewakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnvqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Rhodobacteraceae_bacterium_HLUCCO07  coded_by=complement(9790..11154),organism=Rhodobacteraceae bacterium HLUCCO07,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyetqnialayfvvalalfavqvsigllmgyvyvapnflselvpfnilrmlhsnslivwlllgffgaayyllpeesereihsrtlawlqlgilvlgtlgvvvtylfdiaqgnfifgkegrefleqpkwvkvgivvaaliflynvsmtvlagrktaitnilllglwglallflfafynpanlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegtwelvmasilaflmlkltgvdrevvekwlyvivaaalfsgilgtghhyywigtpgywqwigsifsslevipffammafafvmvwkgrrdhpnkaallwalgcatlaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnyythgtqitaahghlafygayvclnlaiityamphllgrepynqvlnmasfwlmsagvvfmtfvltfggtvqthlqrvmgeefmfvqeqlalfywmrfgagiavvlgallfiyavfvprrevispepsvaae
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_NCCP11945  coded_by=complement(1230493..1232721),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae NCCP11945,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mlfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqaygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpgevftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnarfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtapdlifiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudomonas_sp._M1  coded_by=complement(1107569..1108990),organism=Pseudomonas sp. M1,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mnpgnphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqivfglvmgmqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaiagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitklgivvvalgflynigmtllkgrktvvsvvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrehpnkaaslwalgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayvmivitlisyamprlrgigeaadaraqsleiwafwlmtismllitllltaagvvqvwlqrmpadgaampfmatveqlkvffwlrlyagfgfliglicyllsfrqrgriavgvaqqag
>Pseudomonas_citronellolis  coded_by=complement(30514..31935),organism=Pseudomonas citronellolis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mnpgnphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqivfglvmgmqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaiagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitklgivvvalgflynigmtllkgrktvvsvvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrehpnkaaslwalgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayvmivitlisyamprlrgigeaadaraqsleiwafwlmtismllitllltaagvvqvwlqrmpadgaampfmatveqlkvffwlrlyagfgfliglicyllsfrqrgriavgvaqqag
>Pseudomonas_citronellolis  coded_by=81598..83019,organism=Pseudomonas citronellolis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mnpgnphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqivfglvmgmqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaiagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitklgivvvalgflynigmtllkgrktvvsvvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrehpnkaaslwalgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayvmivitlisyamprlrgigeaadaraqsleiwafwlmtismllitllltaagvvqvwlqrmpadgaampfmatveqlkvffwlrlyagfgfliglicyllsfrqrgriavgvaqqag
>Pseudomonas_sp._AAC  coded_by=complement(169830..171251),organism=Pseudomonas sp. AAC,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mnpgnphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqivfglvmgmqyvvgdflfpaipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaiagvltilgyllvpyaglarlthnellptmgrefleqptitklgivvvalgflynigmtllkgrktvvsvvmmtglvglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhyfwigapgvwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfafnmvrrrrrehpnkaaslwalgttvtaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqltaahghlafygayvmivitlisyamprlrgigeaadaraqsleiwafwlmtismllitllltaagvvqvwlqrmpadgaampfmatveqlkvffwlrlyagfgfliglicyllsfrqrgriavgvaqqag
>Pelomonas_sp._Root1237  coded_by=complement(1055418..1057751),organism=Pelomonas sp. Root1237,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
mneaalpltdeddgplspwwvrtvlivmalgfagliavtllayrnappipaqatdlagslqfsgddiaegqavflkyglmangsiwghgaylgpdyaaaalhrmgevtaqsialarhqqpfsdltpsqqaavraeaavelktnrydpdtgvlrltasqaaahreliehwtryfhdpalngglsadlitdraelrqftafvswaawasvavrpgesysytnnfpydpnvgnrpvagalfwsalslvvllagiavvllafgkfdylgwvtrghkvrpqllpgqssdgqkalvkffvvvavlllgqtlvgggvahyradpgsfygfdlerifpsnllrtwhlqlaifwiatayvaaalflgrslrkdeprwlaplthvlfaafalviggsllgewlgisqvlgdwwfwlgnqgweylelgrvwqyllvaglfawfallwilvrpnalanptvrpivrmflvaaiaiplfyipalfigakanytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattvvaltffqlglarrnvalrviyldailyflgglmgtghhwyftgqsnfnmalsalfsalevvpltlltldawdfvrttrgvrdatgkaieiphkwafhflmavgfwnfvgagmlgflinlpivsyyevgtlltpahghsammgvfgmlgialmvfvlrqtsddsrwpaieryvrvafwgtngglalmvglslfpagllqlwdvlhngywharsldyiasersqllewmrmpgdvvfivfgavplviasvkaylgvregaksirpllvpaklpv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=733..3024,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=hypothetical protein
mhereqnmvlgkgwliaavltfifgfavlgylafrnntdgppiprevrtadgrvlftgndikegqnlfqryglmqygtifghgaylgpdftaqylrisgekarlsyteqrltpaeaservrseakqnsydpgqnvitytpsqaaaygemisyyrdwfgpsstqqglrrpylkdpeevrkltsyfswaawvcsatrpgtnhsytnnwppdslagnqptpgvlmwsvislvallcgtglilfvfgrfewlgwhatdtelaathpvpeevsltpsqrtvtwyflvvallflllgllggvnahyhveragfyglslaewlpynlsrmwhvqlalffvassflamgifltpmiagkeprhqdklalillgalvvvvfgsmsgeavslqgllgtnspwfwmgsqgweyldlgrlwqilltagmliwllilvrgmldrlkgehpgnmpwlfiysaisiplfyaagmfygkgtpfnqiefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayvfmllgvvrvrvattivyldiilyslggvigtmhhlyfsgtpeihmalgaffsameviplllltyeawkfmrlgapaggsmlsttaemfphkwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtqwtanhghgammgvygmlslgffmfvaryflpldkasntamgiafwctnlglalmlfinlfpvgmlqinqilatsywegrepaffmlpmvrifewlrlpgdalfiigilpvvylavrmflnrnrgvvrpaeekqgkvap
>Geobacter_bemidjiensis_Bem  coded_by=4437327..4439618,organism=Geobacter bemidjiensis Bem,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b
mhereqnmvlgkgwliaavltfifgfavlgylafrnntdgppiprevrtadgrvlftgndikegqnlfqryglmqygtifghgaylgpdftaqylrisgekarlsyteqrltpaeaservrseakqnsydpgqnvitytpsqaaaygemisyyrdwfgpsstqqglrrpylkdpeevrkltsyfswaawvcsatrpgtnhsytnnwppdslagnqptpgvlmwsvislvallcgtglilfvfgrfewlgwhatdtelaathpvpeevsltpsqrtvtwyflvvallflllgllggvnahyhveragfyglslaewlpynlsrmwhvqlalffvassflamgifltpmiagkeprhqdklalillgalvvvvfgsmsgeavslqgllgtnspwfwmgsqgweyldlgrlwqilltagmliwllilvrgmldrlkgehpgnmpwlfiysaisiplfyaagmfygkgtpfnqiefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttimvayvfmllgvvrvrvattivyldiilyslggvigtmhhlyfsgtpeihmalgaffsameviplllltyeawkfmrlgapaggsmlsttaemfphkwavmfliavgfwnflgagvfgflinlpivsyyeigtqwtanhghgammgvygmlslgffmfvaryflpldkasntamgiafwctnlglalmlfinlfpvgmlqinqilatsywegrepaffmlpmvrifewlrlpgdalfiigilpvvylavrmflnrnrgvvrpaeekqgkvap
>Parcubacteria_bacterium_GW2011_GWA1_47_8  coded_by=7787..10087,organism=Parcubacteria bacterium GW2011_GWA1_47_8,definition=Nitric oxide reductase, subunit B
medqnyekdkvsgilkwillvvavtsfcilawaatitystvpprperivmtsgevlftgedivsgkggfqkaglmdygsmygmgsyfgvdytaeylkqlglkteeniamlrfsqsfsglsegdqesikremqrmlkgidltqrelvlpdplafavkdiqkeivefllnddpskgwskakalsperalqtadfliyssmttvalrpdgssswtqnwpheplvdnkpitaaftwtwvsyaftfllfgaviyiyehylnhrdnsrrefkliefrpltlsqrkvgkyflivvavflvqlavgvlmahyysdrtsfygfdigkylpfnflrtlhiqapivwiglawigsalflgpaiskqeakgqglmvdilfwatllvvaggllgnylglinviddkwfwfgnqglsyielgrafqigffgglllwsalvfralwpatgqfrkaikdfftgniylehllwaatiniailyaagmvpltgieksfsitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfefftvavsayllmetglvsrvlaeravyfeliliflggvlgtghhlywaggpgmwipigsmfsfieviplvlliiesiqqyrliketggifkyklayvfiigaafwnfvgagvfggglinaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahlalfgafgllalgliyyclryaagnrapftektgywafwlynaglvlwvalnflpigfpqleavyehglafarsmefyntttfwqwmrfpgdvvfgvaalimawdfwvklkpvfkpeqfesqnkvplk
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_7894  coded_by=2942878..2944926,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 7894,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnvpttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraptrsqrkvgkyflvvaavllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelvrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkraarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqpfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrppgvlav
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0119R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0119R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyclykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0120R  coded_by=218302..220593,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0120R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyclykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0222R  coded_by=182638..184929,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0222R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyclykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0320R  coded_by=216721..219012,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0320R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyclykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Staphylococcus_aureus_VET0403R  coded_by=12262..14553,organism=Staphylococcus aureus VET0403R,definition=hypothetical protein
msmqssykrlvkvlltilvivfsillvggwyifkneaprptkivdqqghtlvtkgelisgqaiyekygltdygsylgngsylgpdytaealhhyligmrkyyaqdiyhkqlhklnhveiavvkdkvmkeirinrysekedqlvltpgqvyglkylqdyykkefvnnpkqvglnenmikqfqnddymvagnkiehlsqfffwgawlsstdrpgktfsytnnwpydvdagntlpsagilwtaisvtlliaglafiiyiqkryefdmkptyeserelpkievdskitdsqrkvgkylvvvmllflvqillgellahyyvenkffgieiqrlfpfnivktwhvqlvifwvattwlaagiyivpkvlgnepkkqgvlvdilfwaliivvmgsmigewshilgwidshwwlfghfgweyielgkfwqilfivgmvlwviilcrgflpairnkvqvnhdkrhlltllfvgaiaiplfylaslfimpnshvtfadywrwwivhlwvegifeafavvligflmvnmklttiettiralyfqlilllgtgivgmghhyywqgdhsiwlalgscfsalevvplclliweaythyclykksdiafpykgtfiflastglwnaigagalgflintpavnyfehgtqwtaahahgsmagvygmfsiaialyvfknitkkefwtpkvekwikiscwalnvglagmvfvtlipvgyiqlkdgledgywhsrltsfyeqplvkaimwgrmpwdiiftvgviilvvifirgyrhlkpkyrv
>Mycobacterium_fortuitum_subsp._fortuitum_DSM_46621  coded_by=15781..18081,organism=Mycobacterium fortuitum subsp. fortuitum DSM 46621,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mavkestsqpligkgwvqgvalvmifgffvmgllayrtytasmpmpdkvvtesgqvvftgdeitrgqelfqsrglqeygsivghgaylgpdytadylrratedvatqlrdggmadthdavvtefrtnrfnpetrtlvftdrqaeafdritqhyaeffgedstkhgllprlitdpaeihdltaffawtawasaadrpghnysytnnwpseprvnngptaqlivwstlslimllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeapmlsfrqpgevpltraqrstiwffaivsllflaqallggavqhyradlsnffgldlaailpynlartwhlqlallwtaaaflaggifltpfisrreprrqhwlsygllgavvivvvgslitealsiygivpsgslfsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmflwiaiiwrgmrarlktesklnmpwvfffsglaipmfyavgllagsdthltvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvsqrialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqttgdakpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarvsfwclniglawmvfasllplgvlqlyhsvnegyfearslgyitqpgnavlewlrlpgdlifiiggvvpfvwialqavrhfksgpttdempenplytevsptpvpear
>Mycobacterium_sp._VKM_Ac-1817D  coded_by=4664811..4667111,organism=Mycobacterium sp. VKM Ac-1817D,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase, quinol-dependent
mavkestsqpligkgwvqgvalvmifgffvmgllayrtytasmpmpdkvvtesgqvvftgdeitrgqelfqsrglqeygsivghgaylgpdytadylrratedvatqlrdggmadthdavvtefrtnrfnpetrtlvftdrqaeafdritqhyaeffgedstkhgllprlitdpaeihdltaffawtawasaadrpghnysytnnwpseprvnngptaqlivwstlslimllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeapmlsfrqpgevpltraqrstiwffaivsllflaqallggavqhyradlsnffgldlaailpynlartwhlqlallwtaaaflaggifltpfisrreprrqhwlsygllgavvivvvgslitealsiygivpsgslfsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmflwiaiiwrgmrarlktesklnmpwvfffsglaipmfyavgllagsdthltvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvsqrialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqttgdakpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarvsfwclniglawmvfasllplgvlqlyhsvnegyfearslgyitqpgnavlewlrlpgdlifiiggvvpfvwialqavrhfksgpttdempenplytevsptpvpear
>Mycobacterium_nonchromogenicum  coded_by=complement(66032..68332),organism=Mycobacterium nonchromogenicum,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mavkestsqpligkgwvqgvalvmifgffvmgllayrtytasmpmpdkvvtesgqvvftgdeitrgqelfqsrglqeygsivghgaylgpdytadylrratedvatqlrdggmadthdavvtefrtnrfnpetrtlvftdrqaeafdritqhyaeffgedstkhgllprlitdpaeihdltaffawtawasaadrpghnysytnnwpseprvnngptaqlivwstlslimllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeapmlsfrqpgevpltraqrstiwffaivsllflaqallggavqhyradlsnffgldlaailpynlartwhlqlallwtaaaflaggifltpfisrreprrqhwlsygllgavvivvvgslitealsiygivpsgslfsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmflwiaiiwrgmrarlktesklnmpwvfffsglaipmfyavgllagsdthltvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvsqrialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqttgdakpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarvsfwclniglawmvfasllplgvlqlyhsvnegyfearslgyitqpgnavlewlrlpgdlifiiggvvpfvwialqavrhfksgpttdempenplytevsptpvpear
>Mycobacterium_fortuitum_subsp._fortuitum_DSM_46621  coded_by=60036..62336,organism=Mycobacterium fortuitum subsp. fortuitum DSM 46621,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mavkestsqpligkgwvqgvalvmifgffvmgllayrtytasmpmpdkvvtesgqvvftgdeitrgqelfqsrglqeygsivghgaylgpdytadylrratedvatqlrdggmadthdavvtefrtnrfnpetrtlvftdrqaeafdritqhyaeffgedstkhgllprlitdpaeihdltaffawtawasaadrpghnysytnnwpseprvnngptaqlivwstlslimllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeapmlsfrqpgevpltraqrstiwffaivsllflaqallggavqhyradlsnffgldlaailpynlartwhlqlallwtaaaflaggifltpfisrreprrqhwlsygllgavvivvvgslitealsiygivpsgslfsqqweyldlprlwqillivgmflwiaiiwrgmrarlktesklnmpwvfffsglaipmfyavgllagsdthltvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvsqrialgvifldvilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqttgdakpfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahaammgvygmlavglamfafryvipadkwpekwarvsfwclniglawmvfasllplgvlqlyhsvnegyfearslgyitqpgnavlewlrlpgdlifiiggvvpfvwialqavrhfksgpttdempenplytevsptpvpear
>Neisseria_meningitidis_053442  coded_by=complement(1558669..1560924),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 053442,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqetygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpklqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevptedpiskvqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidtalgfemadwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgviqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Haemophilus_haemolyticus  coded_by=complement(38747..40987),organism=Haemophilus haemolyticus,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfadlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvengtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepptpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefyginisqyfpyslirtwhiqsalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilywalvvlvigsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamkqkapwmdrlkwpiycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpntpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqslfdtlrwvrlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Pseudomonas_sp._TKP  coded_by=2975086..2976507,organism=Pseudomonas sp. TKP,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mrsanpylkfqsqavakpyfvfalilflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeeadrelhspklaivlfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaalaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikvtgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvmfaftmvkqrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgtqltaahghlaffgayamivmtlisyamprlrgigeapdarsqtleiwgfwlmvlsmvmitlfltaagavqvwlqrwqvdgvalpfmatvehlqglfwarlvsgvgfligllcylfsfrqrarmagapvpivy
>Mycobacterium_intracellulare_ATCC_13950  coded_by=complement(2048724..2051048),organism=Mycobacterium intracellulare ATCC 13950,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mairsapsrpstpapaasligkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilvyrtytasmplpanvvsesgkvlftdtqitrgqelyqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrmstndvaaqwraqgaadakervvaefrtnrydadtktlvftdkqaaafdhlqqhyadyfgenstkygllphmitstadihdltaffawtawasaaerpghsysytnnwpaeprvdngptasivvwsvlslvtllggtgimfavygrwsqkigwhsaeastlsfrqpgevgltasqraaiwifaivsvlflaqtlmggavehyradlsafygldlakllpfnlartwhvqlslfwtaaaflaggiflvpfisrreprrqswlvygllgalvlvvggslicealsiygvipagglfsqqwefldlprlwqilltvglflwiaiiwrgirgklkgeskmnlpwmffftglaipafyavgllashdthysvadfwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvllgvvrerialgvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgsrqqshetpfphrwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglamfafryaipadkwpekwarlsfwcmniglawmvfatllplgvlqlyhsvstgyfearslgyltrpgnsliewlrlpgdfvfilggvlpfvwiawtairnvrraptsdelhehplyteldptpaasqkg
>Haemophilus_sp._oral_taxon_851_str._F0397  coded_by=complement(15269..17509),organism=Haemophilus sp. oral taxon 851 str. F0397,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ
mgqykkfwyllvavligafsilgyygfevyreappipqqyvsesgekvithdeilhgqtawqttggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltnwlditankefgknfadlneeqqallkarltkeyrsskvendtvvlsntrlaamektaqyyislygddpatkvtrehfamkdntlpdlqarkdltkfffwtawtasaerpntnasytnnwpheplinnvptpenviwsiasvvfliagigfvvwiwsfkkredekepptpefdpltklqltpsqralgkylftvlalfllqvnlgaivahytvegqefygidisqyfpyslirtwhiqsalfwiamaflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdilywalvvlvigsftgsylaiahilpeewsfmfghqgyefidlgrfwqavkfagilfwlvlmlrgtvnafkqpgdknllalffasviaiglfygpalfygehthisvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfsvaalsfifvslglvsrrtatvatiteaalfliggipgtfhhlyfagattpiiavgasfsalevvplvllgheawehwamqqktpwmnrlkwplycfvavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislyyvqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvfliarylrpdtpfndklmkwgfwllngglvlmivssllpigviqgyasiseglwyarseefmqqplfdtlrwirlggdvvfifgalaffwqiftmiffrpkht
>Sorangium_cellulosum_So0157-2  coded_by=5684626..5687028,organism=Sorangium cellulosum So0157-2,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mawrrdlspelrrggagaprarannevdmhslrrlwlalaavitlgflilgfmgrevyrkappipeivrtpsgrvlltkddiqggqlvyqsiggqqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhreaeallslwsqrehsapfaalpdeaqaalkarlqrtmrdsavdpatgaltisedralaieetaahyralfgdepaltglresyalhtgavpdagrrdkltafffwtswacaaerpgtgasytnnwpheplignvptapnvvwsivsivlllagigalvwyhafrraedpaapapardplagwvltpsmravgkycvvvvallalqvalgaltahytveghevfglpvadylpyavtrtwhvqlgvfwiataflaaglflapavggreprgqrlgvnvlfgalvlvvfgslagewlsvkqrfaleasfwfghqgyeyvdlgrafqialfgglalwlflmlralwpalarrdvsrhivllftgatvaigmfygvglfygakthlsimeywrwwvvhlwvegfmevfataaiaflftrlglvrpdsaaraailstciflvsgipgtfhhlyfsgtpvsvmavgasfsalevvplvlvgmeahetwrmqhrsawmqayrwpiqffvavafwnfvgagvfgflinppialyymqglnttpvhahaalfgvygllslglvlvmlrrlrpdavwnearlrvafwgmnvglglmialsllpiglaqawasvdrglwyarsaeflqqpliealrwmrlvgdsvfiagvvafvafvaglwtrrpagaasakpaaageaaamaapaasgapaa
>Cyanobacterium_stanieri_PCC_7202  coded_by=2673903..2676212,organism=Cyanobacterium stanieri PCC 7202,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorZ apoprotein
madstiniatktepqykrwglpawlvficvvtftvllcagaviyknappipgtvvstqqeviltheqiehgqvtylgrggqhigsiwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlhnndpnfsqedwealdrveqamlqaelqqefkanrysndtdtltltsaqikgleqvfadykqlltngstihsipqgwfkddteirdvtaffswtawaasanrpnapfsytanfphddlignnappqfiiwsivsvivliagiagfifiyltqedaeeiqvvesrpsiriatpsqkattlffgvamglfcvqmlmgmvtahyavegdgfygvpiqnylpyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfaprfgknepkfqvwgnstllvaltvvvvgsliggwasiqgilggdqsfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlflmyralkpalkaegsktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmytnhtpvsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrssalratylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfitamgavasalevvpltligfevlksmrlsqeaqgfyrlplkffiatcfwnligagvfgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahsalygvygslaialmlfalreitpdeawsekgfnfsfwwlniglvmmmifglipngfyqlvqsvnhgtwyarsaevissgwmrwtvwlripgdivfaigavvlvisvikaiygifqqptqaqpddipvitskl
>Corynebacterium_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=127545..129818,organism=Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mssrdkrwwsalaaviiasfvvllwmgqqinvhkppipervetaqgkvlvtkdqiingqqvwqsiggqqigsvwghgayvapdwtadwlhreatqildkwaqkegasdyaalgvekqaalkarlkselrtngyqdgrivlsddrvaafeankkyyaelfanghenyaipkdsikdeaaaqdmaaffwwtswaastnspgseetytqnwpheqlidnvpptsnilwsiisfilllagigglvwyqgwkgeenetpdvtpekdpllgfkptpsqratlkyffivgllfvlqiacgiiaahygveggalfgipidkilpyavvrtwhtqlgifwiatawfatglyvgpavggkepkfqrlgvnilfgallvvvlgsmagewasimgklgygnpinfwlgtqgyeyvdlgrvfqiglfiglalwfilmwralapavrkaktvpgkimptpeaplaagtqrsltamllmsclaiagfygaafgvnhethlsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattviaflfariglvrpaaattsvivsttiflaggiigtahhlyfsgapahvmalgavfsalevvplaligveafrnlnllklqpwvagykwaiyffvsvsfwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyvqglnltplhghtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcvrslmpnanwddrwlkwgfwgmnggllamsllsllplglaqawasmdvglwyarsdsflytpvltfirwlrvpgdiifavgalaigvfmvrlvarkk
>Rhodanobacter_spathiphylli_B39  coded_by=2762..5071,organism=Rhodanobacter spathiphylli B39,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mneaaqplteddtelspwwlrtvalvmvigfagllavtllayrnappiptqvvdaqggvlfsgddigdgqavflkyglmdngsiwghgaylgpdysaealhrlgedtaaaiagtqygkpvaaldarqqaavhaetavtlkanrydaqsgvlrliepeavayrrqvaywtdyfrdstkngglkpnlitdpaelhqftafvtwaawasvatrpgtdasytnnfpydpsvgnvatgsallwsalsllvllagiatvllafgkfdylgwisrghhvhpqllpgqssrgqralvkffvvvallflmqtlvgggvahfradpgsfygfqlenifpsnllrtwhlqtaifwiatayvaaalflgrslrapddeprwlagwvhvlfaafvvviggsllgvwagieqklgnlwfwlgdqgweylelgrvwqyllvvgllvwfailwvlarpravanvaarplakmfmfaavaipvfyvpalffgaktnytvvdtwrfwiihlwvegffeffattivaltfyqlgltrrnvalrviyldailyflggligtghhwyftghtnfnmslsalfsvlevvpltlltldawdfvrttrgdcdvcgkavavphkwtfyflmavgfwnfvgagmfgfflnlpivsyyevgtqitpthghaalmgvfgmlavalmvfclrqassdarwpgiekyvrvafwgtniglmlmilmslfpsgvmqlwdvlkhgywharsaeyvamprshlvewlrlpgdlifigfgaiplviasikgwlgvradaraetr
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-066ASC  coded_by=33235..34662,organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-066ASC,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msimnphlkfqsqavakpyfvfalmlfvgqilfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaillfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaalaqmtgnhllptmgrefleqptitkigivvvalgflynvgmtllkgrktaismvmmtgliglavfflfafynpenlardkyywwfvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdreviekwlyviiamalisgiigtghhffwigapevwlwlgsifsaleplpffamvlfalnmvnrrrrqhpnkaaslwaigttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtmisyamprlrglgeapderaqrieiwgfwlmtvsmvaitlfltaagvvqvwlqripadgaamsfmntadqlaiffwlrlvagvffliglvcylysfrqrgrvtadvpaaataa
>Chryseobacterium_indologenes_NBRC_14944  coded_by=complement(213939..215708),organism=Chryseobacterium indologenes NBRC 14944,definition=hypothetical protein
mndpsmaelrdqyaipgntikdpermvkmnaffawstwvcsterpgddvtytnnwphdesvgnvpppslhiwsgfsillllasvgllvfyharnkeeeisevlpledplrnmkptpsmkatlkyvwvvallilvqmmagvvtahygvegsgfygipldeflpqsvsrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqklgvnilfgallivvlgsltgqwlgvmqklglvdnflwghqgyeyvelgriwqillliglviwlvlmvrallpalkrrdgdrhllllftlssvaiamfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrlksathavlfstiiflgggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligyeayqnyqlskstkwiqaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmlfvlrglypdrqwndrligwafwlinigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdimhflrwmrvpgdillaagelllvifiiglklgwslkekr
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_6  coded_by=complement(6677271..6678617),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavagylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqikgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlaffywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatipgalqpae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=88550..89896,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavagylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqikgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlaffywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatipgalqpae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(6710871..6712217),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygaltlflaqvlfgllagtiyvlpntlsvllpfnivrmihtnalivwsligfmgatyfllpeetetelyspllakiqfwmffgaagvavagylfhyhegrefleqpfiikvgivvvclmflfnvtmtalkgrkttvtnillfglwgvaifflfafynpanlavdkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaylmiklngidrevvekwlyviiglalfsgilgtghhfywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmviftvqmtwkagrkhpnraallwsvgcsvmaflgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlsvmayaipqikgrapynqwlsmtsfwimctammtmtfaltfagviqvhlqrvlgqsymdvqdqlaffywvrlgsgvfvaisalmfvwavlvpgrekqatipgalqpae
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M01-240355  coded_by=complement(1679470..1681725),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M01-240355,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqstggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelsawldltaqqtygkkfddvspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrikedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvygddpalqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfdfffwtswsastnrpdetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppelnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctisafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgmlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglvgmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Pseudoalteromonas_lipolytica_SCSIO_04301  coded_by=complement(83591..85843),organism=Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica SCSIO 04301,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mreykklwwtlfavlavtfailgyfgkevyrvappiaakyvttsgelytgkeaildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreiinwldiaaqaqygvlfdelteqqkqpllwevkreyrtntydkqsdtvtlstrriaaikqtaqyyndlfggaealqqtrknyamkevtlpdperrqrltefffwtawsasterpdgdatytnnwpheplidnkptaenivwsivsvviliagvggliwawsflhkdeappeapkddpiasfnltssqkalgkylflivalftfqvllggftahytvegqgfygintsewfpyslvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqkigvdilfwaliivvvgsfignflaiaqimppelsfwlghqgyefvdlgrlwqigkftgvafwlllmlraivpvfkqegdknllalftasvvaiglfyaagffygerthisvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfataalafifynmglvskrsatiaslasaslfllggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplivlgheawehyklknrtpwmlkikwplmffvavafwnmlgagvlgfsinppislyyvqglnttathahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirphlqfddtlmktafwwmniglalmlftsllpigiiqffasaskglwyarseallqsdtlvilrwvrtvgdvvfivgafavswqvvkgvfakqtcnqsa
>Neisseria_meningitidis_MC58  coded_by=complement(1685330..1687585),organism=Neisseria meningitidis MC58,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwyllfavlavcftilgymgsevykkappypeqvvsasgkvlmtkddilagqsawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawldltaqqtygkkfdevspeeqavlktrladeyrnqsrvkedgsvvisdtrvkaiesilpyyhgvysddpkfqttrehfamknntlpsqeareklfnfffwtswsastnrpdenftytnnwpheplinnvpttenymwsftsvvlllmgigllmwgysfltkheevevpsedpiskiqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvvqvllggltahytvegqgfygidealgfemsdwfpyaltrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvggsyagnffalthilppefnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqlllmvglllwlflmlrctvsafkekgvdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygekspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataafafvfynmgfvrrstatastlaaaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyfsgstsasmaigacfsalevvplvllgreayehwsyqhlsdwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmigagvfgflinppislfyiqglntsavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvarylkpnaqfddklmtwgfwllngglagmiaisllpvgaiqayasithglwyarseeflqmeildtlrwvrtaadlvfiggaicvaiqatkivfgrdk
>Sinorhizobium_medicae_WSM419  coded_by=complement(1207795..1209141),organism=Sinorhizobium medicae WSM419,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mkyqtqkvamlyfygalglflaqvlfgvlagtiyvlpntlsellpfnivrmvhtnalivwllmgfmgatyyllpeeaetelyspkiavaqfwiflvaaavavigyllhihegrefleqpfaikvgivvvalmflfnitltvlkgrkttvtnilifglwgvaifflfafynpvnlaldkmywwyvvhlwvegvwelimasvlaflmiklngidrevvekwlyvivglalfsgilgtghhyywigapgywqwigslfstlevapfftmvvftfvmtwkagrkhpnkaallwsigcsvmaffgagvwgflhtlssvnyythgtqvtaahghlaffgayvmlnlavmayaipeikgrapynqwlsiasfwamcsamsvmtfaltfagvvqvhlqrvlgesfmavqeqlalfywvrlgsgvvvlisalmffwavlvpgrsasparnqavqpae
>Cupriavidus_sp._SK-3  coded_by=complement(76388..78673),organism=Cupriavidus sp. SK-3,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgqykrlwftliavvavtfsllgyygtevyrkappipqqvataggkvlfskddildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawldlaardtygrtyavldwptqaalreqlraeyrgnrvdpdsgvltvsarraqaiadtgayyarlfsdapelrksresfamkentlpsaerraklthfffwtawaaaterpglsatytnnwpheplignqptseniiwsiasvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgheeappavaardplttfaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvliggvtahytvegqsfygielsrwfpytlmrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqklgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqlmpenlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagilfwlvlmlraiapalrtpggdknllalltssvvaiglfygaglfygertnlsvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlgglpgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgasfsalevvplivlgheawenwrlkdrapwmanlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppislyyvqglnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryirpacalnqglmktafwglnaglvlmmgtsllpigiiqfhasvsqglwyarseafmqqpilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgalsmalqvvlgllgkapaqtapegrlnaaqr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=182907..185234,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrhrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsapprparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapatsgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgllaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglrafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis  coded_by=4153971..4155398,organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msmanphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimglqyvvgdflfplipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklalvlfwvfaaagvmtilgylsvpyatlakitgndllptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpenlardkyywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapqvwlwvgsifsameplpflamvifafsmvrnrrrhhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqkleiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvwlqrwavdgsalpfmatmdhlrplfwarlisgvgfllgllcyllsfrqrgraalrapaavvps
>Geobacillus_thermodenitrificans_NG80-2  coded_by=716484..718856,organism=Geobacillus thermodenitrificans NG80-2,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mlhmevnrtvrpniqtgrkttnsflksiliftilisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsesgevlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkvytegmqdykakerynkpfadltddeksiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpkanrawvadsdqiqqiadfffwtawlsstlrigdeitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfyryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffginwiydilpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvggsmigqwlgvngylgnewfllghqgweyielgriwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkresdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiqpdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspevwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdgganfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpahghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvvitllpvgilqmkeafihgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvravpdtifligvvallvfaikalfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Chryseobacterium_gleum_ATCC_35910  coded_by=1290712..1292961,organism=Chryseobacterium gleum ATCC 35910,definition=hypothetical protein
mtpkklwtwlaaviigsfavliffgveiyrkippvpdnvvttdgkviatgqdikdgqnvwqsiggqtvgsiwghgayiapdwsadylhreslllleelakkegkvykdlpddeqakyqvllkkelrkntldeatntivisperakvqaeladyyakifmnapemaklrdqyaipkntvktpermakmnaffswaawvcitdrpgddvtytnnwphdelignvpppslhlwsgfsvlmllgcvgllvfyharnkeeeinssemlpledplrnmkptpsmratlkyiwvvallilvqmlagvitahygvegsafygipldevlpqsisrswhvqlaifwiatswlatglyiapavsgyepkyqvlgvnvlfgallivvfgslagqwlgvmqklgyvdnflwghsgyeyvelgriwqilllvglilwlilmvrallpalkkkdgdrhllllftlsavaialfygaglmygrqthmaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvvaaflftrlgllrlkaathavlfstiiflaggilgtfhhlyfsatptavlalgatfsaleivplvligfeayqnyqiskstkwikaykwpiycfiamcfwnflgagifgfainppialyyiqglnttavhghaalfgvygilgiglmmfmlrglypdrewndkligwafwltnigllvmvtisllpigimqsvasikegywyarsaefmqtdmmhtlrwlrvpgdillalgemllvifiiglktgwslkekr
>Mycobacterium_arupense  coded_by=complement(17578..19911),organism=Mycobacterium arupense,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mstdvtpvgvptagsgragalvgkgwaqgvalvmifgflvmgilayrtytasmplpdrvvtesgqelfagddithgqqlfqarglmqygsvlghgaylgpdytaeylrlatenvaaqftasgvtnphdevvaefrtnrydagtktlvftdrqvrafndieeyyagyfgeastkygllphmiaesgdirdltaffawtawaatadrpghdysytnnwpseprvdngptgsvvvwsvlslimllggigimftvygrwsqnigwhgtemtklhfrqpgevaltrsqraavwifavvavlflaqvllggavehyradlsefygidlakilpynlartwhlqlslfwtasaflaggiflvpfithreprgqsllvygllgalavvvfgsltfealsifgvikpgtvfsqqwefldlprlfqvllivglflwiviiwrgmrtklattskmnlpwmffftglaiptfyaasllagsethfsvadfwrfwmvhlwvedflelfttamvayifvqlgvvrervallvifldiilysaggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsaaevipltfltveawaflqlgarqeageqnnfparwavmflvavgfwnflgagifgflinlpvvsyyeigtaltanhahaamfgvygmlavglamfafryvipadqwpnklarisfwgmniglawmvfvtllplgvlqlfhsvnagyfearslgyitqpgnallewmrlpgdailigagvvpfvwiawialrnfrsgetvdelpdnplyveepadsaaagkd
>Flavobacterium_cauense_R2A-7  coded_by=complement(151077..152486),organism=Flavobacterium cauense R2A-7,definition=nitric-oxide reductase subunit B
mkyksqkvaywffglcmlllslqiiygfimgfarigfdglhdfipfntaravhtnllvvwlltgfmgaayyiipeeaqrelvnvklayvqlislavvgvvavigyhfnhwegrkfleipreldflvvvnvllflglilatlfkgkqktttamvltmgllfaallylpgmiwfdsqvmdsffrwwvvhlwvegvwelimggilsfllikltgvdreviekwlyvivgltflsgllgtghhyyfigvnkiwlvvggifsaleplaflamalfavnmyrkgekshpnkialywtigasivsfigagllgfahtlpqtnlythgtlvtamhghlafwgayamivlaiisyalpnltgrkrydssqgrmafwlsnigmlgmtvafgvagvaqvylerkmkmefmevqneisihfvvlvicatmftigislfiydfikygkpsdealdekhdfmpsgkkinniptakaayseetn
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=15297..17624,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mqmdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvamtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaakaadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaalkqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywvggpgmwvpvgsmfsfievlplvllildamehhslirkqqrfryglaytyvlgsafwnfvgagvfgggtlnaplvnyyehgtfltlnhahtslfgafgqlaigliyfclrhaaaeqsrfseklglwafwlynaglvlwialnffpvgwpqlnavydrglayarslefydttvlwqwlrfvgdvpfaiaallmafdfvlklaplfpavvnrmsrqhgekrsp
>Halomonas_halodenitrificans  coded_by=695..2050,organism=Halomonas halodenitrificans,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
mkyetqkvalpffmvamalfalqivfgllaaavyvwpnfmaeampfnimrashtnllivwlligfmgstyylmpeeaereihsptiayiqlaifafagaaalvgyqfgihegrefleqpfwvkllitisflmflfntsmtllkgrktainmvlmlglwlaavfwlfafynpsnlavdklywwwvvhlwvegvwelimasllgyllikmtgvdreviekwlyvivglalfsgllgtghhyywigapsywqpigsifstlevlpffamvifaftmfwkgsrnhpnkaamlwalgcptmaffgagvwgfmhtlhwvnyyshgtqvtaahghlafygayvmlllgiisfampqlrrvqpynqvinmwgfwimtgamafmtftltfagvvqthlqrvlgmnfmevqdqlvlfygmrlasgvavgigaclllyaffgpareqvpaggtqltsgtnra
>Candidatus_Competibacter_denitrificans_Run_A_D11  coded_by=63013..64449,organism=Candidatus Competibacter denitrificans Run_A_D11,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mqllqyksqavakpyfiaaiglfvgqilfglimglqyvigdfmfpaipfniarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylvpeesetelhspllahlmfwifliagaltivgylsvpyaslaemtgnnllatmgrefleqplptklgivvvalaflynigmtilkgrktaitiilltgliglagfflfafynpsnlvkdkyfwwwvvhlwvegvwelimgailgfvlikitgvdreviekwlyviitlalvtglvgtghhyywigapgywqwwggffsaleplpffamvvfcfnmvnrrrrqhpnkaatlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlapvnyythgtqitaahghmafygayvmvvltiisyampilrgrevnperaqvlemwafwlmtvsmvfitlfltaagilqswlqriipnpqsfmqvqdqlhifywlrelaglvfliglgvylysffakdkpqtvevsepaptatvasqpatt
>Mycobacterium_sp._WCM_7299  coded_by=complement(6337..8730),organism=Mycobacterium sp. WCM 7299,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mteqflepapskaelaiskgwvqgvalvmvfgflimgmlaartysdsmplpqrvvgpdgqtlfteqqitagqqiflrrglqqygsvmghggylgpdytaeylrlsadhvgqqlrdsgaqdptaavvemmrtnrydeetgtlqftaeqvsafekirayyadyfgtdstehglipqvitdpqeiqeltaffswtawasaaeraghsysytnnwppeqrvnntptadilvwsamsliallaglgalfalygrwsrkigwhatetpslafrqpgevaitpsqkatawfflvvavlflgqavlggaiehyraelsnffgldlaqilpfnlartwhvqlsllwtaasflaagiflapiisgreprrqswltygllgalfvvvagtligtalstfgvdwakgsiffdqqweyldlprfwqillviglflwmaiifrairsrlktesklnmpwlffyaglaipafyavgmlagtethltvaefwrfwvvhlwvedflelfttvmvayifvmlgvvrrkiaiqlifldvilysmggvigtmhhlyfsgtpvehmalgaffsalevipltfltveawtflqlgsrqqsrssapfphrwavmflvavgfwnfvgagifgflinlpivsyyqigtaltanhahgammgvygmlavglalfalryiippqrwpdklaklsfwslniglawmvfatllplgvlqlwhsvndgyyeartlgyitqsgnvvlewlrmpgdflfilggvlpflwiawlgvrygikatthtlpaetlfveehahaeedrtglavpgrsryasdrrvapdeggdgp
>Geobacillus_kaustophilus_HTA426  coded_by=781526..783898,organism=Geobacillus kaustophilus HTA426,definition=nitric oxide reductase cytochrome b subunit
mahmevhrsvrpnmrpgrqttnsflksiliftivisftvllvggywifkemaprpkevrsedgqvlmtketiiggqavfqkyglmdygtvlghgsymgpdytaealkiytegmqdykakeryhkpfadltadektiireqvikemrknrynpvtdvlvltdaqvyglekvrdyyrdvftngdgwglkkglikesdmpksgrawvadgdqikqiadfffwtawlsstprlgdhitytnnwpyyedagntmsfsavwwsgasvtililfigiilyvfhryqlsmqeayaegkfpvidlrrqpltpsqvkagkyfvvvsalffvqtmfgallahyytepdsffgikwihdllpfniakgyhlqlaifwiatawlgmgifiaplvggqepkkqgllvdllfwalvvlvagsmigqwlgvngylgnewflfghqgweyielgrvwqiilvvgmllwlfivfrgvkrglkqesdkgglihllfysaiavpffyifaffiepdtnftmadfwrwwiihlwvegifevfavvvigfllvqlrlvtkkstvralyfqftillgsgvigighhyyyngspeiwialgavfsalevipltllileayeqykmmrdggvnfpykatfwflistaiwnlvgagvfgflinlpavsyfehgqfltpthghaammgvygmfaiavllyslrnivkpeawndkwlkfscwmlniglagmvlitllpvgvlqikeafehgywasrspsflqqdvvqnlllvrfvpdtifligvaallvfaikamfhlrkpthgegeelpvanlaeee
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR2543  coded_by=1408724..1411012,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR2543,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrlwtwlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqikrgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkremrpnrydaandrltlsdtraaaalrvaahyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagavpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgttytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvlwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalknkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgattsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkssaapwiqsykwailcfvavglwntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgtsernawrdtllkpafwllnvglfmmvflsilpsgiyeayasvtqglwyarspeivhapimnalvwlrvpgdvvfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpapsqpderavgqaaqrt
>Geobacter_sp._M18  coded_by=complement(1350536..1351903),organism=Geobacter sp. M18,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase
mliefesqrvsqwyfrialvlfilqvtmglwlsinyaftlpqglvnvfpfstareihtnvlvawmllgfmggtyyilppecgrelystkiayaqliifagaavtavvgflfgwtrgkplleipfpmnglivvaallfianvgmtilqskeksalqwmllggvtflallylfgipfyknlntdyyywwwvihlwvegawevvtasivayiimrvtgvdrkvvekwlyvetglflftgivgtghhyywigapdywlwwggifsaleplpivlmvvdtwmhvrerrnpivnpltwyyivglaiyhlvgaglwgflhtlppvnyythgsqvtvshghlaffgaygllnltifyfamprlkginkyhdrlgmwgfwittiamfllglvfgvagvlqtylerfldigystahltmmlwfriafgvglvflggviitvwhlftlrpsnvpapeqvvapasni
>Halosimplex_carlsbadense_2-9-1  coded_by=314319..316607,organism=Halosimplex carlsbadense 2-9-1,definition=nitric-oxide reductase
melkrstiakllaaafvfnlvvmaggawlayqeappipedvvgpdgetvmtgtdiregkkafqrdglmnhgsilgngayygadytadtldlkvehmrefyardrygseygvldsaeqaavgdvvqsdldegyeggaiqysaaevyaheqtkeeyveryhegdhargvpanmiddetearqfadfalwtawfshtdrpagdhsytndwpyqpaagndataaamtwsvvamvllvggagagiwlyksvelpepsaegisvpdpgdvsvfpsqraalrfipvaaglflaqvllggllahfyieragffgieeifgvhilqllpfalaktwhidlgilwiaatwlgaglflpplltghepkrqstfvngllgavvvvtvggmagiwlgaqgyldgalwwlignegleylevgkvwqvgllvgfltwaalsirglkpmldrepvyglahmilyaggsiallftagflftpetniavtefwrwwvvhmwvegafeffivaiigltlvsmnlltrrsaekavmlqallvmstgvigvshhywwigmpdlwvpigsvfstleliplvfilyealgqyramagagetfpyklpfmfivasgvwnfvgagvlgffinlplinyyehgtyltvghahaamfgafgflalgmvtymlriairperwdgswlrgafwlwnvglalmvfvsvlpvgflqleaiftgsydagrslafynrpivqnlfwarlpgdtmiiagtalyaadlvrkrfvlrstaddpdvddmavaegvlsdd
>Phaeobacter_gallaeciensis_BS107  coded_by=18101..19459,organism=Phaeobacter gallaeciensis BS107,definition=Nitric oxide reductase large subunit, cytochrome b
mkyqsqkvaqayficamalfaiqvlggllagwvyvspnflsellpfniirmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayflipeesereiysvklaylqlailmigtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaliflfnvsmtvlagkktaitnvllmglwllsllwifafinpenlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlsfygayvalnlaiftyampmlrgrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvigdyymdvqdslsifylmrfgagaavvigallfiyallvvrkdeviapgpshkastvage
>Phaeobacter_inhibens_DSM_17395  coded_by=complement(134078..135436),organism=Phaeobacter inhibens DSM 17395,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvaqayficamalfaiqvlggllagwvyvspnflsellpfniirmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayflipeesereiysvklaylqlailmigtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaliflfnvsmtvlagkktaitnvllmglwllsllwifafinpenlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlsfygayvalnlaiftyampmlrgrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvigdyymdvqdslsifylmrfgagaavvigallfiyallvvrkdeviapgpshkastvage
>Phaeobacter_gallaeciensis_2.10  coded_by=complement(155386..156744),organism=Phaeobacter gallaeciensis 2.10,definition=nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkyqsqkvaqayficamalfaiqvlggllagwvyvspnflsellpfniirmlhtnalivwlllgffgaayflipeesereiysvklaylqlailmigtlgavgsylvgihggrefleqplwvkfgilvaaliflfnvsmtvlagkktaitnvllmglwllsllwifafinpenlsldkmywwfvvhlwveatwelvmaailaflllkltgvdrevvekwlyvivatalfsgilgtghhfywiglpgywqwvgsifstfevipfflmmsfafvmvwkgrknhpnkaallwslgsstvaffgagvwgflhtlhgvnfyshgtqitaahghlsfygayvalnlaiftyampmlrgrapynqvlnmasfwlmtggmafmtfvltfagtiqthmqrvigdyymdvqdslsifylmrfgagaavvigallfiyallvvrkdeviapgpshkastvage
>Pseudomonas_lini  coded_by=complement(2080..3507),organism=Pseudomonas lini,definition=nitric oxide reductase
msianphlkfasqavakpyfvfalmlflgqvlfglimgvqyvigdflfpiipfnvarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayylipeeadrelhspklaiilfwvfaaagvltilgyllvpyaglaklthnellptmgrefleqptitkmgivvvclgflynigmtllkgrkttvsmvmmtgliglavfflfsfynpgnlardkfywwwvvhlwvegvwelimgsmlafvlikitgvdrevvekwlyviiamalitgiigtghhffwigapevwlwvgsifsaleplpflamvifafsmvknrrrqhpnraatlwakgttvtaffgagvwgflhtlapvnfythgsqltaahghlafygayamivmtlisyamprlrglgeaadersqtyeiwgfwlmtlsmvmitlfltaagvvqvylqrwqadgialpfmatvehlqvlfwarlgaglgffaglacylfsfkqrsraalrapaavvps
>Acaryochloris_marina_MBIC11017  coded_by=complement(122075..124387),organism=Acaryochloris marina MBIC11017,definition=cytochrome b subunit of nitric oxide reductase
manpafdntvatnlrsrrpsmglpawlalicivtftvlltagaaiyknappipaqivspqqetiltqtdiqsgqetylarggqhigsvwghgsylapdwtadvlhrwglatagvlydgdpdfsqadfeqlsevdratltvqvqqnfkanrydthsdtlaltsaqtqglqrvfedyqtllsqgssihsipsgwfadegqihsvtaffswtawaasanrpnapfsytanfphddlignqapgqfliwsivsvvvliaaiafflfvyitqedaedvqpvttrpairlatpsqkvttlffgvamilclvqilmgmvtahyavegegfygipiqqympyaasrtwhlqlavfwiatcwlaaglyfgprfgkhepkfqawgnggllaaltvvvvgsllgtwagvqgwlgdksfwfghqgyeyvelgrlwqllliggmvfwlwlmfralkpalkaegnktglnhfflysaitiplfyasglmysnhtplsiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatvaiaylcselgflkrstalkatylttilylgsgvigtlhhlyfagtpvfitamgsvasalevvpltligfevvkslklskeaqgfyrlplkffiatcfwnlvgagvfgflinppivlyysqglnttpihahsalygvygslaialmlfalreitpdhawdeknfnfsfwwingglvimmvfglipngfyqlvqsinhgtwyarsaevinsawmhwtvwlripgdmvfavgalvlvmsvgraviaiwqqptqaqppaltteitsl
>Cecembia_lonarensis_LW9  coded_by=complement(12061..14409),organism=Cecembia lonarensis LW9,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mkpdtkflnyimkqknwwlpfmvifvisivgllfiayqtyeeappiphyvdekgeeiitqeqilrgqevfhryalmeygsmfgdgalrgpdftaqalneraksmfrfyqeslnengsrsefesegilrkvqkeikentydennnqvnisfaqvaairdlegfyqemflnpdfheafkptgyisdpteikdlsafffwgswvcsverpgekysythnwpydefagnvatpstliwsivgllglvlglgivlyyygqfeqlseeyyakgasemvteeklqqykptptqratfkffyvavilfliqvlagvltvhdfvgftkffgwdiqevlpvtisrswhvqlslfwisacwvgisffilpllaksepkgqlflinllfgiffvmvggsfvgifmgpmgmlgdysrwlghqgwefvelgrlyqyfllaifalwaiivyrgvkntlrpgmpwglpnwlvysivcilllllsgfvarpetnfviadfwrwmvvhmwveaffevfttiivgymmvmmglvnrqavvkvvyiaallflgsgllgishnfywnakpvgtlalgsvfstlqvvplilltleawrmqrmpyllstkqkerhrsslfampgvflfiigvtfwnffgagvfgliinlpianyyehgtyltvnhghaalmgvygnlsiaailfalrfllkpeawntqlvktafwsiniglllmvtldlfpagihqlvavmeegywfarsqefiqsvpfqamtwlrivggavfcigglfpltwfvlksakhlkpayemekidhhleeveeeietv
>Candidatus_Methylomirabilis_oxyfera  coded_by=complement(2091655..2094081),organism=Candidatus Methylomirabilis oxyfera,definition=putative Cytochrome c oxidase subunit I precursor; nitric oxide-like (norZ)
mrsssssgmgktnrtfgqallikkywwlhalivtvisviglvalgvwtytsappltnyvlsstgetvipewqiqrgkqvfhlkglmtygsfwgdggergpdftaealhhtyvsmskfyeneiakerpvtqadrdmisvrvkreihengydaaaniirinpaqvfayqelithytrmftdatyeeafmkgrienhisspedlkalagyffwggwvsganrpgfdytythnwppdplvgntptfetylwsfisifvlfcgtmlvlyvygemkvlpgepfngrdwslttvdlenkgdayvrptqratykffafavilflvqvlagilsaedfvgggpgsaiattvlgftipftvtrgwhtivqiywffmawvgytlfflpriskvpngqrflinllftlclivgagalfgiylghtgymtddmaywfgsqgweflelgrfwhilmlasfclwvyiifravkpwitsqnlwsvpawlfygsgimvlflffgmfmtpsqnfaiadywrwmnihmwvevtfevfttcivgymlvqmglvnramaerviflavmmflvtaligishnfywiakptgiialgsvfstmqvlplllitldawkmrtertkaheniaegkqrfvmdgvwtfilavnfwnifgagvfgslinlpivnyyehgtyltgnhahaamfgvkgniaiagmlfacqhlfqrsawneklikgifwslqvglvlmmmldlfpvglyqvatvfkeglwaaraqahvtdsvwitltwmrtiggavflfggvlplvyfilsragrmvreasvveegewtiydrekakereawaagdeaf
>Marinobacter_hydrocarbonoclasticus_ATCC_49840  coded_by=3087251..3089545,organism=Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus ATCC 49840,definition=Nitric oxide reductase
mpamaeyrklwwiligilavtftllgyfgrevyreappipdqvvsasgkslmtedsirdgqtawqsmggmqvgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreleawlqiaaqeefgadwhslsgqqqnalqydlkteyrtnsyddatgtlriserraraiaetadyysrlfsdapelqatrsnyamkentlpsaerrqrmtefffwtawaaaterpgsdvtytnnwpheplidnkpsgenivwsvisvilliagvggliwawaflrkheeeepaaplkdpisavaltpsqkalgkylllvvglftfqvmlggftahytvegqgfygintsewlpyslvrtwhiqaalfwiatgflaaglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdvlfwalvvvvagsfignflaiaqimppnlsfwlghqgyefvdlgrlwqigkflgivfwlvlmlrgivpalrqpgdknllalltasvvaiglfygagffygerthisvmeywrwwivhlwvegffevfataalafifcsmglvsrtvatsaslasaslfmlggvpgtfhhlyfsgtttpvmavgatfsalevvplvvlgyeawenwrlktrapwmenirwplmffvavafwnmlgagvlgfminppialyyiqglnttpthahaalfgvygflalgfsllilryirprivfderlmkigfwwlniglvlmlftsllpvgiiqflasaseglwyarseaflqsdilqtlrwirtigdvvfivgalavtwqmvkgiffpdlvplesasetavtera
>Neisseria_weaveri_LMG_5135  coded_by=complement(261970..264207),organism=Neisseria weaveri LMG 5135,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mgqykklwfmllavllttftilgymgsevykkappypekfvtssgetfiskddilagqtawqttggmevgsilghgayqapdwtadwlhrelvawlditaqqehgkkfdelnheqqavlkarlsdeyrekgrvrddgtvllsdtrvkaieavapyyitlygddpsmvttrehfamknntlpseearkkltnfffwtawsasanrpgetftytnnwpheplinnvpttenyvwsftsivlllagigllmwgysfltkheevqaptedplskfqltpsqkalgkyvfltvalfvaqvllggvtahytvegqhfyginisdwfpyalvrtwhiqsaifwiatgfltaglflapivnggkdpkfqragvnflyialfivvvgsyggnflalshaipshlnfwfghqgyeyldlgrfwqillmvglllwlflmlrctvnafkekgtdknllaifvasmvgvgvfyapglfygehspiavmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfatasfafifynmgfirrttataatlasaaifmlggvpgtlhhlyftgttsaamaigacfsalevvplillgreayehwsyqnaapwakrlrwplmcfvavafwnmvgagvfgfminppislfyiqglnttavhahaalfgvygflalgfvllvagylkpqaqfdeklmtwafwllngglagmivmsllpvgiiqtyasithglwyarseefmqieildtlrwirtaadlvfiggavciawqatkmvfsrnk
>Shewanella_piezotolerans_WP3  coded_by=complement(839148..841439),organism=Shewanella piezotolerans WP3,definition=Probable nitric oxide reductase (subunit B) transmembrane protein
mskqrltamalllvliasftvllsigseiyrekppiptayvdsqgqtlfskddieqgqlvwrsmgghqlgsiwghgsyvapdwtadwlhkeaqawlditakqrfnknfaqldsqqqagleqalredirrntvvqqangdtditlsatriaaikqveqhylalfgddpklsslreqyamkegtvpsldrreklnaflfwgawaavterpdtdytytnnwpfdpqigntptsdnvvwsilsivtliagigalvwhhasgkheslpkpadqdplfftkptksqkavgkyfvtaiglfllqillggitahyavegqnfygiplseilpysvtrtwhtqlavfwiatawlgtglyiapalsghepkfqrigvnilwvalvivvlgsmagewigvqqyfdldmnflfghqgyeyidlgrvwqvlllaglliwlalvtaamrpalkvkgemrpviwvlyascvaiglfygaglfmgkhtnlaiaeywrwwvvhlwvegffetfatsvialmlvrlglirarsanaavlfatvifltggligtlhhlyftgtptsviawgaifsalevvplaligfeavesyrlraaspwmirykwaimffvatafwnlvgagvlgflinppialyfiqglnttathahaafmgvygmlgmglmlfclrgltgqmqwnekllkgafwtmniglaamvfmsllpvgivqffavidngywfarspevihsplvetlvwmrmpgdvlfgfgglfmgyflfdiikkaigkkkaaeldndqasana
>Campylobacter_concisus_ATCC_51562  coded_by=complement(293227..295458),organism=Campylobacter concisus ATCC 51562,definition=Nitric-oxide reductase , quinol-dependent
mreykkywlalvavlvicfsilgyygvevyrssppvvnftdengnvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelviflelkadeiyhskyadlndeqkanlkvllkkeyrengvkddkivlssdrlkamkqvsqeysslfgndpkfkslreayamkentlpnasdrddlnnfffwsawataanrpnsdatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiasvviliagigflvwfssfygkkddekleaisedplsklsltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfafqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfageylaianimpinlsfwfghqgyeyielgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfiggfknkgdknllaifaasavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslflvggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyrlqfaqtwaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdeklmkvgfwglniglmlmivlsllpigiyqafaslehgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwvrmigdtiliiggisflaqllkfmlnkka
>Campylobacter_concisus  coded_by=614128..616359,organism=Campylobacter concisus,definition=nitric oxide reductase, monomeric type
mreykkywlalvavlvicfsilgyygvevyrssppvvnftdengnvvidkesiykgqeawqsiggmqvgsvwghgayqapdwsadwlhkelviflelkadeiyhskyadlndeqkanlkvllkkeyrengvkddkivlssdrlkamkqvsqeysslfgndpkfkslreayamkentlpnasdrddlnnfffwsawataanrpnsdatytnnwpheplidnvptsenifwsiasvviliagigflvwfssfygkkddekleaisedplsklsltpsqkalkkylfvtlalfafqiliggftahytvegqefyginlsayipyslartwhiqasifwiatgflagglflapiinggkdpkfqklgvdllfyallilvvgsfageylaianimpinlsfwfghqgyeyielgrvwqiilfvglviwmllllrgfiggfknkgdknllaifaasavavglfygaglfygqrsplpvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfataslafvfvslglvskrfatfstlasaslflvggipgtfhhlyfagtttpimavgasfsalevvplvllgaeayehyrlqfaqtwaktlkwplycfiavafwnmlgagvfgflinppislfyiqglnttpvhghaalfgvygflalgfvwlvatylfkgqefdeklmkvgfwglniglmlmivlsllpigiyqafaslehgmwyarsaellqqshlqnlrwvrmigdtiliiggisflaqllkfmlnkka
>Paenibacillus_sp._Leaf72  coded_by=complement(231490..233748),organism=Paenibacillus sp. Leaf72,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mpykklwaalalvfvlsfgvllyyggeiiqekppipervvteqgdaiftkadimegqqvwqrmggqelgsiwghgsyvapdwtadylhrqlvfmndynaqqkyqlpydhlteeqqaelkatlkreirtntydpetgdivitslraltaselgdyysgvfgdapewaayreqialpantvgslddreklnaffwwatwststnrlgsditytnnwpgeplidneptsasllwsivsvvlllagvgalawyyavqrskeqdesghipekdpllqvkstpsmratmkyfwivttliavqaglgaitahyavegngfygipiaewfpysvtrtwhqqlavfwiatawlatglyigpaisghepkfqrlgvnvlfcclllivagsmagewlavkgyitsathnfyfghqgyeyvdlgrawqvfltaglfiwfflmaraiwpalkkkgesrhlltlfliasvaiptfyipglmwgpqahltivtywrwwvvhlwvegffevfaavviaflfsrmglirtatatatvlfstviflaggiigtfhhlyfagtpigvlafgasfsalevvpllligfeayenlrhgrakpwvkrykwpifffvavsfwnlvgaglfgflinppialyymqglnttalhahtalfgvygmlgiglmlfcmrgltgekewrtkllrfsfwsfniglmmmglasllpvgilqtlasmehgmwyarsaeflhtrtmqnlvwlravgdtifalgvvgivifviglatgrsyksdvs
>Burkholderia_sp._2002721687  coded_by=complement(1536089..1538377),organism=Burkholderia sp. 2002721687,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mrstrrswawlglvclasfavllwlgrdiylaappipntvvsengrviftgeqirlgqqvwlasggqqlgtvwghgsyvapdwsadwlhrealelrdawarqqfgapyeklpvdqqgmldarlkhemranrydaandrltlsdaraaaaqrvaghyealfgadpsldtlrdqyamtagsvpgaadrtalasfffwsawsattdrpgetgitytnnwpheplvgntptaangmwsiasviillgaiaamvwyhtahgehdaplavptndplfnvkptpsmratkkyfyvvigllltqvfmgaitahyaveghsffgipladvmpwvvsrtihtqfgvrwiatawlatglyispllsgrepklqklgvdvlfwalifivvgstvtgwlgslkhlgtnfsfwignqglaytsmgrvwqillfvgllfwlflmgralmpalrnkategrgligmvflsaaciglfyasslawgqnthysmieywrwwlvhlwvegffevfatavialifarlglirfesanraivmetivflfggilgtlhhlyftgtttsiiavgavfsacevvplalvgfegwqtyrkshaapwiqsykwailcfvavgawntvgagllgfsinppislyyvqglnmtpahghaalfgvygmlgiglmlfclrgmsargawsdgllkpafwllnvglfmmvfvsilpsgiyeayasvtkglwyarspevvhapimnalvwlrvpgdivfafgvlylgwfalrllrrpappqpderavgqaaqrm
>Leptothrix_cholodnii_SP-6  coded_by=complement(1551320..1552771),organism=Leptothrix cholodnii SP-6,definition=cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
mtntilkyqsqsvsklyfiaalglftaqivfglglglqyvigdflfpyipfnqarmvhtnllivwllfgfmgaayymvpeesetelhspllakilfwvflvagaltivgylavpyaklaeltgndvlqtmgrefleqplptklgivvvalgflynitmtvlkgrktsislvllvglwglaifflfsfvnphnlvrdkmywwfvvhlwvegvwelilgallayvlvkttgvdreiidkwlyviiafalmtgilgtghhfyfiglpgywqwigsifsamepipffmmtvfafnmvqrrrrehpnqaavlwavgtsvmgflgaglwgfihtlspvnyythgtqvtaahghlafygayvlvvitlisyamptlngriansrksqaaemwsfwimtigmavmvlaltgagilqvwlqrmptegalgfmatqdqlslfywvrvgggvvfllglltylssffiggepvteesvgngatggllraqparra
>Nitratiruptor_sp._SB155-2  coded_by=complement(1817089..1818549),organism=Nitratiruptor sp. SB155-2,definition=nitric-oxide reductase, large subunit
mekskersmqgnngqlyegqklalkyftvaivlfgaqllfgliaaiqflypgflfntldfsiarivhinalvvwllyamigavywllpdeagrevvgvklgnlafyvltaavavvvlvylfiqvgpgnemttwlitegreyieaprwadigivavvliflynvyatvisgkrsgiltvlmadlialaglylagmfytdniavdqywwwwvvhlwveatwevyvaavggyiliktlnanrkvvemwlwievammfgsgilglghhyfwigtpeywweigalfsalepvplvglfvhvlydwgkergkgntiknvpafawltvetfgnflgagvwgfmhtlpqinlythgtqwpaahghlaffgayvaimiaaiylaiqgkaglkelkmtkagwwaislitvgvlfmtvaltlsayvqtmvergmyggtwegyfvaqanqwfvqgmgwrlatglmvivgyvflvydlltcakkqpeevyeasgaaaaa
>Cupriavidus_sp._SK-4  coded_by=21339..23627,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SK-4,definition=nitric oxide reductase large subunit
mgsyrrlwflliavlavtfsllgyygvevyrqappipakvvttegrtlftgeeildgqtawqsvggmqlgsiwghgayqapdwtadwlhreltawlelaaqdaygrpytqldapaqaalreqlrteyrgnatdpatnvltvskrraqaiantsayydqlfsdapalhttrehyamkentlpsaerreqlthfffwtawaastarpgheatytnnwpheplignqptsenvvwsvisvvvllagvgflvwawaflrgkedappqapardpllsvaltpsqralgkylflvvalfvfqvllggftahytvegqkfygidvsqwfpyalvrtwhiqsalfwiatgflaaglflaplinggkdpkyqrlgvdvlfwalvvvvvgsftgnylaiaqklpahlnfwlghqgyeyvdlgrlwqigkfagiliwlvlmmrgilpalrargtdrnllalltssvvaiglfygaglaygertsltvmeywrwwvvhlwvegffevfattalafifstlglvsrpmataaslasaslfmlggipgtfhhlyfagtttpvmavgaafsalevvplivlgheawenwslkrrapwmadlkwplmcfvavafwnmlgagvfgfminppialyyiqgqnttpvhahaalfgvygflalgftllvlryvrpayrlsptlmktafwglniglvlmigtsllpigiiqflasvehgtwyarseafmqqsilqtlrwvrtfgdvvfivgavsfawqvvlglanrtpvavdavparmktavr
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-91  coded_by=complement(2960..4339),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-91,definition=Nitric oxide reductase subunit B
mryrsqsvaygyfavamvlfglqlvfgllsaakylgpdpllyilpfdvtkvvhtnllivwvltgfmgatywmvpdesrtelhsvkiayiqlilwtlmgvsavvgylfrygtgnklleqplphkivivicmllflynvgmtiwksrrftttegvlvlglglaallylpalleyenytvsifyrwwtihlwvegvwemiqggflayllirlsgadrevmekwlyvivglvliagilgtahhyywvgvpaywlpiggifsaleplaligmaiyaysamrrsglahpntlalhwtigstvftlfgagllglahtfpdvnkwthgtlitamhghaafygayamivlamitfalptmtpgrsergssigywafwmqlggmfgmtlsfatagiaqvylerilgmgyldvqlkiqvhflmllataslfsvgvglfifdffryaprfdvgnekqptlrpdtvrpapis
>Caldivirga_maquilingensis_IC-167  coded_by=complement(324417..326612),organism=Caldivirga maquilingensis IC-167,definition=nitric oxide reductase, cytochrome b subunit
mngksiwpvivlgvtilvyviygimawytfthlppiptavetengtvlftrndiiwgkyyfqkyglmdygsilgmgsyfgvdftsytlriledsaahslgfdavpqsnasamslikqelmpkvdptpqgdviivsnqfaqgfynatkfysqmlgpaaeefrlkpdlitnetiikdltayfawsgiiamqgytngfpympgligptanvtysswlmiftimllvmplagyvvlklmdywheprlniqlpppndaqkltllaffiagvglgiqgllgayamhlytetslyglnlipilpfnvaralhytlailwiaitwiafsffvfpyfglnvtkrqvaaiiiigvlvslgtllgiwlsylqlipapwwfivgaqgrdvttqgtlwlilitailgyvsylwnkasktapevlrpfakilsiaiagtaagafigalpiispwpdfqvdeyfrwmtihafvegfwppivitvivvllviaglipprlgivvtgmdatleivtgmigtahhyyfnglptfwmyvgavvstleaiplgfviiyvillwrrgevktefqktlltyalvagigggigvvafgaglinmpvlnyflhdvqttmthahlafplayglpsilmwvvafylsgafndrilrymrwaaviygvgfylqallsllplgvlqfeyelqygfwfiktlvtpsghlgfwqipivddfvwlrmigdltaavgiaivlvamllrirsalskpislttvn
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1710b  coded_by=657388..659439,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1710b,definition=nitric oxide reductase
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrppgvlav
>Burkholderia_sp._BGJ  coded_by=759209..761260,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGJ,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrppgvlav
>Burkholderia_sp._BGK  coded_by=656047..658098,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGK,definition=cytochrome C and Quinol oxidase polypeptide I family protein
mdtsetvlrrrqddrvsdvlkwtllvvavltfallawatvvtyrsappqparlvapdgsvvmtarditdgkasfqradlmdygsiygmgsyfgedytaeyllrlgqltndnialsrfgqpfaaldqdsrnsvqaamrqqlkgidlsrtdalvpaevarairslrveisralthhdfikgwtqayslderhaaktadfllyaalttvarrpgsdvswtqnwpyeplvgnapttntfgwtwasycftflcfgivlfvyhryirvddlgtmdptlvrfraltrsqrkvgkyflvvaavlllqiaagailghyytdrtsfygihfddvlpfnfwrsihiqapivwiglswigaglflapaisgreargqgplvdglfwatvvivagaligdylgimgviengwfwfgnqglsylelgrfwqigffiglvfwsalilrglwpglaaikqaarqfwtgrirlehliwasttniallyafgmiplfgvnpsftitdfwrwwvvhlwveqsfeffaaaisayllmglglvsrqlaersvyleliliflggvlgtghhiywcrrprhvgsrrqhvlvhrgaaaraahprrdgapqpdpetaavplrsrvhvcaglrvlelrrsgrvrrrhaqraarqllrarhlphaeprahvavrrvrpardridlflpaacrrraieiqretrppgvlav
>endosymbiont_of_Ridgeia_piscesae  coded_by=1728..3116,organism=endosymbiont of Ridgeia piscesae,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyqsqsvaklyfiaaialfaaqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnalivwmlmafmgaayylvpeeaetelfapwlatlmfwiflvaagltvagyllvpystladltmnellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalaflfnigmtilkgrktvvnlvlmmgltglavfflfafynpvnlvldkffwwwvvhlwvegvwelilgsilafvlikttgvdreviekwlyiiiamvlitgiigtghhfywigtpeywqwwgsifsamepipffmmtvfafnmvnkrrrehpnkaavlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlspvnyythgtqitaahghmafygayvminltmisyampllrgrnaanpaksqilemwsfwlmtismvfitlfltgagilqaylqrmgdnplpfmavqdkielfywlrevaglvfliglviyiasffvgqdepeavvad
>endosymbiont_of_Ridgeia_piscesae  coded_by=complement(20940..22328),organism=endosymbiont of Ridgeia piscesae,definition=nitric oxide reductase, NorB subunit apoprotein
mkyqsqsvaklyfiaaialfaaqilfglimglqyvvgdflfpeipfnvarmvhtnalivwmlmafmgaayylvpeeaetelfapwlatlmfwiflvaagltvagyllvpystladltmnellptmgrefleqptitkigivivalaflfnigmtilkgrktvvnlvlmmgltglavfflfafynpvnlvldkffwwwvvhlwvegvwelilgsilafvlikttgvdreviekwlyiiiamvlitgiigtghhfywigtpeywqwwgsifsamepipffmmtvfafnmvnkrrrehpnkaavlwalgtavmaflgagvwgflhtlspvnyythgtqitaahghmafygayvminltmisyampllrgrnaanpaksqilemwsfwlmtismvfitlfltgagilqaylqrmgdnplpfmavqdkielfywlrevaglvfliglviyiasffvgqdepeavvad
