>Streptomyces_virginiae  coded_by=3124..3834,organism=Streptomyces virginiae,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararhtrglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrlaealkrgrgvlgpddvlpgvvdivteiqveavfedgtrlaaisepfgalerddsapgavlpasdtvaapepvvvltvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavaagsstrfdsgatvevglvpiggdriavgfaglvdgpldapgakalaleraaacgylgaaadrkagera
>Brucella_sp._BO1  coded_by=42363..42842,organism=Brucella sp. BO1,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktshkalrpvggyvlakdpieinhgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksgdkdak
>Brucella_suis_bv._4_str._40  coded_by=complement(32324..32803),organism=Brucella suis bv. 4 str. 40,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktshkalrpvggyvlakdpieinhgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksgdkdak
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrsllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrsllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Chryseobacterium_indologenes_NBRC_14944  coded_by=9116..9484,organism=Chryseobacterium indologenes NBRC 14944,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegtiicnegretvkikvtntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamsfdrekafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggtkkamgfnnlvdgqvdsedqkkaslakvqelnfknq
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP260ASii  coded_by=21594..22310,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP260ASii,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllksddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP260AFi  coded_by=21584..22300,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP260AFi,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllksddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP260AFii  coded_by=21591..22307,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP260AFii,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllksddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM268Bii  coded_by=complement(5323..6039),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM268Bii,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllksddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM260ASi  coded_by=complement(5325..6041),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM260ASi,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllksddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=complement(53766..54464),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=Urease gamma/beta subunit (Urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunit)
mmnlspteldrlvifnaaqmarrnrslgiklshpeavayitdevmtaarrnlpyaeirdmagrllttddvepgvaqmipmlyvelmfaegtkvmalfepiqpaegaapddivpgeiiaggddiamftelpavtidvvntgdrdiqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkidrpaglglrfepgvfksvrlvpitgdrivrgqaglvngpldapgardaalklaqsrgylga
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(151184..151558),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=425709..426083,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_UASWS_BA1  coded_by=409967..410341,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens UASWS BA1,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_EGD-AQ14  coded_by=444620..444994,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens EGD-AQ14,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_IT-45  coded_by=430509..430883,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens IT-45,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_M27  coded_by=235216..235590,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum M27,definition=urease
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=510022..510396,organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_sp._916  coded_by=complement(100574..100948),organism=Bacillus sp. 916,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_LFB112  coded_by=complement(3552318..3552692),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens LFB112,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(3562628..3563002),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_IT-45  coded_by=398629..399003,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens IT-45,definition=urease
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_Y2  coded_by=complement(3807388..3807762),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens Y2,definition=urease
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=complement(3493771..3494145),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=66171..66545,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=complement(585796..586170),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=425591..425965,organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus_SQR9  coded_by=complement(3699975..3700349),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus SQR9,definition=UreB
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=complement(642510..642884),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=complement(38745..39119),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=442456..442830,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_sp._LK7  coded_by=complement(48316..48690),organism=Bacillus sp. LK7,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_NJN6  coded_by=complement(3654169..3654543),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum NJN6,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=complement(3490815..3491189),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Streptococcus_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(148655..149029),organism=Streptococcus pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_UCMB5033  coded_by=complement(3652061..3652435),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum UCMB5033,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_CAU_B946  coded_by=complement(3618506..3618880),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum CAU B946,definition=urease beta subunit
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_sp._BH072  coded_by=complement(117574..117948),organism=Bacillus sp. BH072,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_NAU-B3  coded_by=complement(3772205..3772579),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum NAU-B3,definition=urease beta subunit
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_YAU_B9601-Y2  coded_by=complement(3811265..3811639),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum YAU B9601-Y2,definition=urease beta subunit
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(3540069..3540443),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=complement(3582036..3582410),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=complement(36112..36486),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Pseudomonas_lundensis  coded_by=22184..22708,organism=Pseudomonas lundensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msskkpaspqpsqsphqdthpdhhiphaknpggvstgnesnvplggciyastpitfnedravtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdstvsgherpeklqaiqraadrgfkfskpsn
>Rhodococcus_sp._AW25M09  coded_by=64404..65036,organism=Rhodococcus sp. AW25M09,definition=Urease, gamma subunit
mrlspheqdrllvsyaaelarrrqarglqlnhpeaiavitdhllegardgrsvadlmssgreilsaddvlggvpellpevmveatfpdgtklitvhepispkrgdghlipgeiitvagdieinegvesitvtvvnagdrpvqvgshvhfpqsnealqfdrerahghrldipagtavrfepgieqsvqlvplggtrevhglsmtppgklds
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._rhaphiolepidis  coded_by=21247..21942,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. rhaphiolepidis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptlgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._myricae  coded_by=complement(30969..31664),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. myricae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptlgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._myricae  coded_by=75446..76141,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. myricae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptlgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._PAMC26508  coded_by=complement(6847515..6848195),organism=Streptomyces sp. PAMC26508,definition=urease gamma subunit
mlhvaadvaekrrsrgvrlnypeamallivhvlegardgrtvadlmssgrkvlsreevmegvpemienvqveatfpdgtklvtvhspfpeaggdevpvvwpgkvdfstregdevvvfnehnrqedqvtkvtvdnptdrpvqvgshyhfaevndglefprmqawgrrlnvpagssvrfepgiteevelvpiegervvhglrgrikglpekiggsldntrgasgkekv
>Verrucosispora_maris_AB-18-032  coded_by=1920141..1920599,organism=Verrucosispora maris AB-18-032,definition=urease, beta subunit
makqhpgpnskhlrpiggyklsdqplelnagrpvievvvhntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanrylefdrpaafgkrlnipattsirfepgdrktvqlipfgglqrvygfnglvqgwtgddptppdyrpdraeslhnartrgfkfsaqdqgdnkkq
>Methylobacterium_sp._ME121  coded_by=complement(34143..34838),organism=Methylobacterium sp. ME121,definition=urease subunit gamma
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavalitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilstedvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepiraregasadtlepgailpadgaielaagrprvtldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdraaalghrldipagtairfepgqrktvtlvgfggareltglndltqgtlpddaaraaalarakargfkga
>Mycobacterium_tuberculosis_TKK-01-0051  coded_by=complement(171537..171959),organism=Mycobacterium tuberculosis TKK-01-0051,definition=urease, beta subunit
msagaqyiygedpveinvgrkrttirvsntgdraiqvgshyhffeanraldfdraaaygmhldiasgtavrfepgdtrevtlcayggngrmvgfsnlvngglnsadtqiasmrrakalnfkgakdiddrhgafdaqsedr
>Patulibacter_sp._I11  coded_by=complement(8236..8673),organism=Patulibacter sp. I11,definition=Urease beta subunit
mpdllppttvpgellpaagdvslragaprtplrvtsvadrpiqvgshfhffevnralrfdreaaygtrlaipagtavrfepgevrevevmplggarvvrgfhgliggplddpgvraralaaarergfiadpdpdpatdapagpsr
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf112  coded_by=complement(19022..19642),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf112,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasvevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtlvmvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreaargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrdvvlvplggtrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Lysinibacillus_sp._LK3  coded_by=complement(37014..37382),organism=Lysinibacillus sp. LK3,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkngvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflafnrqdaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnmltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._dendropanacis  coded_by=complement(31730..32425),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. dendropanacis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmpipgeilspdrdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>[Clostridium]_straminisolvens_JCM_21531  coded_by=13724..14092,organism=[Clostridium] straminisolvens JCM 21531,definition=urease beta subunit
mipgeyiiknefitlneerrtlkikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlpnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Streptomyces_nodosus  coded_by=6868537..6868938,organism=Streptomyces nodosus,definition=urease subunit beta
msggahylygddpveinadrakmsltvantgdravqvgshyhffevnralrfdreaaygmhldipsgtavrfepgdtrevelcafggtrrlvgfaglvdgglnsgdtkraalrraaelgfaatdgtenegada
>Bifidobacterium_biavatii_DSM_23969  coded_by=complement(191593..192273),organism=Bifidobacterium biavatii DSM 23969,definition=urease gamma subunit
mrltpretdklmlylagqlakdrksrgvklnyveaialissecveraregatvaelmqygrtllkpedvmdgvaemldvveveatfpdgtklvsihnpiesterlvpgeylfadgdltindgkdaieldvvntadrpiqigshfhffevnkylkfdrkaaygkrldipagtavrfepgeahrvrlidiggtreihgfsalvegqlddpqvreaafakaheqgflgi
>Streptomyces_turgidiscabies_Car8  coded_by=10350..11054,organism=Streptomyces turgidiscabies Car8,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaealerarsvlgpddvlpgvadivtevqveavfddgsrlavvsdpiagslgerapgallpgpehaepeaavrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffetnprldfareraygmrlavpagssvrigpgesltvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgaldapgareealrraaacgylgvpetpdqevgr
>Yersinia_aldovae_ATCC_35236  coded_by=44271..44705,organism=Yersinia aldovae ATCC 35236,definition=Urease subunit beta
msakksskdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdklaairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_aldovae  coded_by=367..801,organism=Yersinia aldovae,definition=UreB
msakksskdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdklaairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_aldovae  coded_by=complement(472537..472971),organism=Yersinia aldovae,definition=urease subunit beta
msakksskdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdklaairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_aldovae  coded_by=complement(20735..21169),organism=Yersinia aldovae,definition=urease subunit beta
msakksskdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdklaairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_aldovae  coded_by=complement(19681..20115),organism=Yersinia aldovae,definition=urease subunit beta
msakksskdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdklaairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_aldovae_670-83  coded_by=3772410..3772844,organism=Yersinia aldovae 670-83,definition=urease subunit beta
msakksskdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdklaairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_aldovae  coded_by=44337..44771,organism=Yersinia aldovae,definition=urease subunit beta
msakksskdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdklaairraaergfkssk
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki422  coded_by=complement(124811..125527),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki422,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskrialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Eubacterium_sp._CAG:274  coded_by=complement(8765..9127),organism=Eubacterium sp. CAG:274,definition=urease subunit beta
mkigeimpldreiilnegrktvcidvantgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkllsfdrekvygmrldipsgtsvrfepgeqksvqlveivgnravyglndltsgnidekrdtaismakekgfkev
>Saccharopolyspora_erythraea_NRRL_2338  coded_by=3840356..3840865,organism=Saccharopolyspora erythraea NRRL 2338,definition=urease beta/gamma subunit
margsrlgsaeaialvcdevlemawdgvgidevvamakevvrpdqvlpgvaasaprvqvealfphgsslvhvdepfgpaqpddagavrvasgevvlapgrerkhlevrnggaraiwlsshfpleqanpalemdraaaagyrldvpagtslefppgaartvsvvarggar
>Nocardia_sp._NRRL_S-836  coded_by=complement(179762..180355),organism=Nocardia sp. NRRL S-836,definition=hypothetical protein
mtpherdkllvhvaadvarrrlergvvlnypeavalitdhvlegardgrtvselmesgrtvlapeqvmrgvpemidsvqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpiapsagpvpgevvvgsepvelnpgrprvtltvvnvadrpvqvgshfhfasvntglefdreaafgyrldiaagtatrfepgverevvlvplaglrivrglqr
>Haloarcula_argentinensis  coded_by=764..1177,organism=Haloarcula argentinensis,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevipgegavslnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsnaiermraagfgdtgeeaadgdaesdq
>Haloarcula_argentinensis_DSM_12282  coded_by=247469..247882,organism=Haloarcula argentinensis DSM 12282,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevipgegavslnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsnaiermraagfgdtgeeaadgdaesdq
>Helicobacter_salomonis  coded_by=<1..495,organism=Helicobacter salomonis,definition=UreA
vahmihevgieanxpdgtklxtihxpvxdngklapgevflkdeditinadkeaitlevenkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllnfdrekafgkrldiasgtavrfepgekktvelidiggnkrvygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvpacceatkskq
>Pseudomonas_taetrolens  coded_by=complement(214909..215421),organism=Pseudomonas taetrolens,definition=urease subunit beta
mstkkitsphqdthpdhkiphaknpggvqkgdeenvplggcvyasspivfnedrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdkltsnherpeklqaiqraidhgfkfskpvkak
>Bacillus_marmarensis_DSM_21297  coded_by=complement(31792..32169),organism=Bacillus marmarensis DSM 21297,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafkiaegsieinagrvtleltvkntgtrsiqigshfhfaeansalsfdrekaigmrldipsgtairiepeeeqsvtlvsiagnktvyglngmtegsldeggkektlkkltesgwmtkeils
>Helicobacter_acinonychis_str._Sheeba  coded_by=complement(393783..394466),organism=Helicobacter acinonychis str. Sheeba,definition=urease beta/gamma subunit
mrltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnhpeaiayvsahimdearrgkktvadlmqecmhflkkdevmegvgnmipdlgveacfpdgtklvtvnwpvepdnhkageikfgsdedieinahkqanaiklkvknngtrslhvgshfhffeanralefdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagetkevtlidiggskkvigmngltnnianerhkpfaienakkhgflk
>Methyloversatilis_universalis_FAM5  coded_by=10187..10891,organism=Methyloversatilis universalis FAM5,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltifnaaelarrrrarglklncpeaiaiivddilegardgrtvaeligfgsqiltsddvlpgvaalmpmiqveasfpdgtklvtvhdpirpgpdaakhavpdrvpgeiipadgrielspgrrratlralntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdralawgmhldiaagtavrfepgedkevtlvafggsgevfglnrlaegstadgaglpdaliraraagfrga
>Providencia_sp._JNB815  coded_by=1..>423,organism=Providencia sp. JNB815,definition=urease beta subunit
msnaktdtkaptplggviladtpiefnvgkpetklkvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnhalefdraaaygkrlniasttairfepgdeievslipfggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatterpakaialneaiargykhkeq
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM066  coded_by=139397..140113,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM066,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM032  coded_by=494743..495459,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM032,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM299  coded_by=494744..495460,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM299,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM298  coded_by=494744..495460,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM298,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM111  coded_by=27466..28182,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM111,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM077  coded_by=complement(788..1504),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM077,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM085  coded_by=complement(785..1501),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM085,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM065  coded_by=5380..6096,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM065,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM023  coded_by=complement(7748..8464),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM023,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM038  coded_by=complement(781..1497),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM038,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM066  coded_by=5377..6093,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM066,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY6261  coded_by=complement(347269..347985),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY6261,definition=urease subunit alpha 18
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY6271  coded_by=complement(296680..297396),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY6271,definition=urease subunit alpha 18
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_35A  coded_by=complement(292693..293409),organism=Helicobacter pylori 35A,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_F32  coded_by=complement(84893..85609),organism=Helicobacter pylori F32,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GC26  coded_by=4895..5611,organism=Helicobacter pylori GC26,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD577  coded_by=5368..6084,organism=Helicobacter pylori FD577,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD568  coded_by=complement(754..1470),organism=Helicobacter pylori FD568,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD506  coded_by=complement(753..1469),organism=Helicobacter pylori FD506,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_51  coded_by=complement(88376..89092),organism=Helicobacter pylori 51,definition=urease A subunit/Urea amidohydrolase
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_SouthAfrica20  coded_by=complement(78388..79104),organism=Helicobacter pylori SouthAfrica20,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_SouthAfrica50  coded_by=1062879..1063595,organism=Helicobacter pylori SouthAfrica50,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_83  coded_by=complement(115143..115859),organism=Helicobacter pylori 83,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(30241..30957),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=90874..91590,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(30872..31588),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(29218..29934),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(6978..7694),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=21159..21875,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(282517..283233),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=13836..14552,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=21261..21977,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(78753..79469),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(29152..29868),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=20950..21666,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(44152..44868),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=208640..209356,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=49809..50525,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Aklavik117  coded_by=complement(74338..75054),organism=Helicobacter pylori Aklavik117,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(91348..92064),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Mastotermes_darwiniensis)_str._MADAR  coded_by=237191..237820,organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Mastotermes darwiniensis) str. MADAR,definition=bifunctional urease gamma/beta subunit
mhlnsyerekiilymagelakkrlerglklnypesvalithyvmegardgksvkelmdeagnilhddqvmdgvdellkyvqieatfpdgtklvtihhpikkniqkksnlipgeydllkekvvlltgrsrikrivyntgnrpiqvgshfhfyetnlalhfdrngtqgyrldipsgrsvrfepletkevllvkiggskkvygfsgkeniki
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_W22703  coded_by=complement(11813..12307),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica W22703,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._palearctica_105.5R(r)  coded_by=complement(3627548..3628042),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. palearctica 105.5R(r),definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(3416837..3417331),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31021..31515,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31257..31751,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31278..31772,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31376..31870,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31010..31504,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31225..31719,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31054..31548,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11686..12180),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31031..31525,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31257..31751,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(734634..735128),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11593..12087),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(228944..229438),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31514..32008,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Streptosporangium_roseum_DSM_43021  coded_by=2949733..2950386,organism=Streptosporangium roseum DSM 43021,definition=Urease
marktraheglprheryiygdgeieinqgrrkvsltvrntgdravqicshyhffevnraisfdrdaafgmhldlpagnairiepgdthnvnlveyggglrvygfsglvdgsvrgdkahrlalermdifgfldvpagqdgspdgaaekappkkapaaaakkapaasakkapaastrkapaaaakkapaastrkapaasakkapaasarkapaasrkkg
>Helicobacter_cetorum_MIT_00-7128  coded_by=1740147..1740830,organism=Helicobacter cetorum MIT 00-7128,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeqekfllyyageiarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvadlmqecmhflkkdevmegvgnmvpdlgveacfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdnhkageikfgsdedieinahkqataiklkvknngtkslhvgshfhffeanralefdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigsgetkevtlidiggskkiigmnglvnnianerhkssaienakkhgflk
>Pseudomonas_caricapapayae  coded_by=complement(33229..33924),organism=Pseudomonas caricapapayae,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilnsddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgqrplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnngrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtamrfepgelrevhlvqfggsgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacksaaleraraqlfkga
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_SFn135  coded_by=complement(37834..38463),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo SFn135,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkdkglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdreptkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_ENn2  coded_by=137774..138403,organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo ENn2,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkdkglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdreptkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_Wn13  coded_by=137774..138403,organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo Wn13,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkdkglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdreptkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_SFn27  coded_by=137774..138403,organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo SFn27,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkdkglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdreptkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_BLFn1  coded_by=complement(37834..38463),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo BLFn1,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkdkglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdreptkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo  coded_by=complement(611537..612166),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkdkglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdreptkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Riemerella_anatipestifer  coded_by=complement(986065..986448),organism=Riemerella anatipestifer,definition=urease subunit beta
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkkvl
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkdkgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Mycobacterium_sinense  coded_by=complement(292646..293038),organism=Mycobacterium sinense,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
mipgewfiaddpveinagrptirmavrntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkvlefdrrqalgkrldiasgqairfepreakdvelvdfggmgritgfsrlvegtvsnpavaeqalrraadlgyrglptdpeeap
>Streptomyces_davawensis_JCM_4913  coded_by=complement(3272589..3273263),organism=Streptomyces davawensis JCM 4913,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrlaeaidrarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdplggglgpqapgallpgpahtepeaavrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgtaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesvevglvpigggrvaigfaglvdgaldapgakeealrraaacgylga
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=206..886,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=Sequence 1 from Patent EP1176192
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaqlmeecmhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveatfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdehfkagevkfgcdkdielnagkevtelevtnegpkslhvgshfhffeankalkfdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagqtrkvqliplggskkvigmnglvnniaderhkhkaldkakshgfik
>Helicobacter_felis_ATCC_49179  coded_by=1330319..1330999,organism=Helicobacter felis ATCC 49179,definition=putative fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaqlmeecmhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveatfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdehfkagevkfgcdkdielnagkevtelevtnegpkslhvgshfhffeankalkfdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagqtrkvqliplggskkvigmnglvnniaderhkhkaldkakshgfik
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris  coded_by=complement(20932..21627),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelsrrrrakglklnypeavaiitdeilegaregrsvadligygstilstddvlpgiaammhiiqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepirpapgssediekpgaitaqdgsidlnagrktismtavntgdrpiqigshfhffevnkamefdragafgmrldipagtavrfepgaskditlvafggrseltglnnltagqsgddavrdaalaqarargfkga
>Citreicella_sp._357  coded_by=16948..17601,organism=Citreicella sp. 357,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
merltiftaaelarrylskgirlahpeavalladellsfarlghshseivshagtlltaqqvepgvahmlktfsvevsmaegtklvtvfdpiapapgdpipgevipaqgeieinagrdaititvlntgdrtiqvrshahffevnpalqfdreaafgmrldrpsgggerfdpgiekqivlvpyggkrvvhgfagltegpvdsglasavaaatargymk
>Streptomyces_regensis  coded_by=complement(54846..55568),organism=Streptomyces regensis,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlgeaveaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigwgspreaggglgadapgallpgpghadpepvvrlrvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgaapeggeer
>Pseudomonas_syringae_Cit_7  coded_by=complement(13226..13921),organism=Pseudomonas syringae Cit 7,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngerptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqlfkga
>Streptomyces_lydicus_A02  coded_by=complement(2744474..2745178),organism=Streptomyces lydicus A02,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfnaaqlarsrrsrglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieagrsvlgpddvlpgvaevigdvmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigvadhpatsdaaaapgavlpgpadpepvpavtltvhntasvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagsserfdpggthevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgaktealrraaacgylgaeeha
>Sphingobacterium_spiritivorum_ATCC_33861  coded_by=474547..474918,organism=Sphingobacterium spiritivorum ATCC 33861,definition=urease beta subunit
mvpgeyflkagdikanagyktihvvvantgdrpiqigshyhffevnkalqfdrekafgmrlnipastavrfepgekkevilveiggdkeihgfngltngkytsekvksaaiskmkkqqfkssq
>Bergeyella_zoohelcum_CCUG_30536  coded_by=87509..87913,organism=Bergeyella zoohelcum CCUG 30536,definition=urease, beta subunit
mnktnkvgakgaktglipgqiilkkqdiacnigkktvaievknvgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklqfnreeaygmrlnipastavrfepgeskkinlveiggqkivyghnglvngplseenkaaavakakelgfl
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM201Ai  coded_by=complement(13946..14716),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM201Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mialclqgkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgvksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=<1..504,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=UreA
mdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=<1..504,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=UreA
mdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf125  coded_by=32379..32999,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf125,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlsrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttlpgeivfnegaprtllsvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltferekargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_18801  coded_by=complement(14835..15530),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 18801,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_18884  coded_by=complement(25403..26098),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 18884,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19097  coded_by=6332..7027,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19097,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_18884  coded_by=3747490..3748185,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 18884,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-1  coded_by=complement(74045..74731),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-1,definition=urease subunit alpha
mmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf92  coded_by=16385..17080,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf92,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaeadtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvsldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf122  coded_by=16745..17440,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf122,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaeadtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvsldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Anaerococcus_tetradius_ATCC_35098  coded_by=19214..19597,organism=Anaerococcus tetradius ATCC 35098,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeifykdedlilnedfeaielevtntgdravqigshfhffevnrylkfdrkkafgkkldipagnairfepgqthrvrlidiggngrvigfngltngithdikkdeamknliqkgyaninsdgee
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..543,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
mqegrtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Pseudomonas_viridiflava_UASWS0038  coded_by=complement(35257..35952),organism=Pseudomonas viridiflava UASWS0038,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvaellpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplaemptpgeilapdgdiqlnsgrptatlralntgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprdiafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackrvaldraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._ribicola  coded_by=10140..10835,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. ribicola,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvaellpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplaemptpgeilapdgdiqlnsgrptatlralntgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprdiafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackrvaldraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_viridiflava  coded_by=34895..35590,organism=Pseudomonas viridiflava,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvaellpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplaemptpgeilapdgdiqlnsgrptatlralntgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprdiafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackrvaldraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_viridiflava  coded_by=10370..11065,organism=Pseudomonas viridiflava,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvaellpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplaemptpgeilapdgdiqlnsgrptatlralntgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprdiafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackrvaldraraqhfkga
>Mycobacterium_gilvum_PYR-GCK  coded_by=complement(1751188..1751892),organism=Mycobacterium gilvum PYR-GCK,definition=urease, beta subunit
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkhrsaglalsyaearaliadevveaaragasvagaaahgatvltdddvlpgvrsllgsvqveaffadgqklvtvhdaigpgrtpaeptvtpgeilpcdgelelnagrevatvvvdntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralrfdravtfgmrldipsgtavrfepgeqqevsltsyggertvigqndvtnadtsgtpgpelmarmrdlgfldapgri
>Haloterrigena_salina_JCM_13891  coded_by=complement(284250..284657),organism=Haloterrigena salina JCM 13891,definition=urease subunit beta
msefvpgelrpaeepvrlnegretetvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffeinpglafdretaygmrldipagtairfepgcerevdlvaiggdrivhgmgglvggdlddeaiearamerarergyiaetagestegde
>Brucella_melitensis_R3/07-2  coded_by=complement(266259..266738),organism=Brucella melitensis R3/07-2,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F5/07-239A  coded_by=complement(266268..266747),organism=Brucella melitensis F5/07-239A,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F15/06-7  coded_by=complement(266259..266738),organism=Brucella melitensis F15/06-7,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(266211..266690),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._3_str._Ether  coded_by=complement(82231..82710),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 3 str. Ether,definition=urease
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Streptomyces_rubellomurinus_subsp._indigoferus  coded_by=42486..43199,organism=Streptomyces rubellomurinus subsp. indigoferus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mqltpterdrlliftaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaveagrsvltaddvlpgvpdlvteiqveavfqdgtrlavvadpfgggdlgeaapgavllgkgaepvpapartltvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprlafyraaaygmhlavpagssvrfdpgaavevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldsplvrrealrraaeqgylgasrddeaeegrr
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=109040..109756,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpievngklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Streptomyces_chattanoogensis  coded_by=complement(5881..6657),organism=Streptomyces chattanoogensis,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpheqerllihvaadvaakrrdrglllnypeamallsayvfeaardgrtvsdimdsgrrvltrddvmdgvpemiknvqveatfpdgtklvtihdpipeateepevypgkvehpqparrpecpvdcddtdsspcchecddaaswheaiafnehlqtdkktikvqntsdrpiqvgshyhfaevnpdlkvvenpvgtpvtdeslwdcaeakgrrlniaagtsvrfepgdvccvelvniegdaksdtskiqglregivg
>Bifidobacterium_callitrichos_DSM_23973  coded_by=28297..28977,organism=Bifidobacterium callitrichos DSM 23973,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpretdklmlylagqlakdrksrgvklnyveaialissecveraregatvaelmsygrtllkpedvmdgvaemlevveveatfpdgtklvsihnpiesteklvpgeylladddltlndgkdaieldvvntadrpiqigshfhffevnkylkfdrkaaygkrldiaagtavrfepgeahrvrlidiggtreihgfsalvegklddpqvreaafrkahelgflgi
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_B-3648  coded_by=complement(17759..18505),organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL B-3648,definition=urease subunit gamma
mgkarrcrvvrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaveaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigwgspreaggglgahapgallpgpqhadpapvvrlrvtntatvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdrgqaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpvggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakqealrraaacgylgvpeeegnr
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>409,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktik
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>409,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktik
>Anaerococcus_prevotii_DSM_20548  coded_by=820421..820804,organism=Anaerococcus prevotii DSM 20548,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgevfykdedlilnedfeaielevtntgdravqigshfhffevnrylkfdrkkafgkkldipagnairfepgqthrvrlidiggngrvigfngltngithdikkeeamknliqkgyaninsdgee
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiangtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM83T  coded_by=complement(13785..14543),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM83T,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM264Ai  coded_by=complement(49529..50287),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM264Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM83Bi  coded_by=complement(48890..49648),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM83Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Bifidobacterium_scardovii_JCM_12489_=_DSM_13734  coded_by=complement(2856237..2856917),organism=Bifidobacterium scardovii JCM 12489 = DSM 13734,definition=urease beta/gamma subunit
mrltpreidklllhqagelakerknrgvklnypeavalissecveraregatvaelmsygrtllkpedvmdgvaemidvveveatfpdgtklvsvhnpietteklkpgeyfyadgdltlnkgsedieldvvntadrpiqigshfhffevnkylrfdrkvaygkrldipagtavrfepgeahrvhlidiggtrevhgfsalvegrlddpevreaafakahergflgi
>Bifidobacterium_scardovii  coded_by=complement(185306..185986),organism=Bifidobacterium scardovii,definition=urease gamma subunit
mrltpreidklllhqagelakerknrgvklnypeavalissecveraregatvaelmsygrtllkpedvmdgvaemidvveveatfpdgtklvsvhnpietteklkpgeyfyadgdltlnkgsedieldvvntadrpiqigshfhffevnkylrfdrkvaygkrldipagtavrfepgeahrvhlidiggtrevhgfsalvegrlddpevreaafakahergflgi
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root157  coded_by=8346..9047,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root157,definition=hypothetical protein
myltkkesdrllvfvaaelarrrradglrlnlpearaiiadaihegarqgksvselmafgrtilnaeevqsgvtsllqmlmvepmfpdgqklvcvhdpvgspqqaeeeempgcyrlaqegieinvgrataqvvvrnmgdrpiqigshfhffevnpeldfnriaafgfrldipagttirfepgdertvdlvafggerrveglnsltdgdlddpevkrravaraaaegfkgvqyg
>Streptomyces_decoyicus  coded_by=complement(34761..35474),organism=Streptomyces decoyicus,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpheqerlmihlaadvaekrrargvrlnypetmallivhvlegardgrtvadlmssgrkvlareevmegvpemidnvqveatfpdgtklvtihspfpevgkdeepnispgkvdfsqrkgdeevafndgpgqrdritkltvenptdrpvqigshyhfaeandglkfprkmawgrrlnipagssvrfepgiteevelvpiegervvhglrgkikglpekingsldhtkgsfdkerv
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..456,organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
eagfpdgtklvtihtpveagndklspgevilkneditlnagkhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Bradyrhizobium_valentinum  coded_by=complement(100977..101414),organism=Bradyrhizobium valentinum,definition=urease subunit beta
magpkmgpavaanvdpatedvpvggyvcssaaitfdadrpvttlkvrnsgdrpvqvgshfhffevnralefdraeafglrlnipsstatrfepgderevqlvpyggkravygfnnlvdgptagqdaatakskavaqaakrgfrst
>Bradyrhizobium_valentinum  coded_by=47630..48067,organism=Bradyrhizobium valentinum,definition=urease subunit beta
magpkmgpavaanvdpatedvpvggyvcssaaitfdadrpvttlkvrnsgdrpvqvgshfhffevnralefdraeafglrlnipsstatrfepgderevqlvpyggkravygfnnlvdgptagqdaatakskavaqaakrgfrst
>Methylobacterium_oryzae_CBMB20  coded_by=3257237..3257857,organism=Methylobacterium oryzae CBMB20,definition=Urease beta/gamma subunit
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvadlmqagakvltsdqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgtasadvpgavttlpgeivfnadaertvlevanvgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpglvfereqargkrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsggrtvygfrgdvmgkl
>Streptomyces_glaucescens  coded_by=7361248..7362102,organism=Streptomyces glaucescens,definition=urease beta/gamma subunit
mhltpheqerllihvaadvaqrrrergvrlnypevmalltvhvfeqaregrtvsdimdsgrhlltreevmdgvpemikdvqveatfpdgtklvtihdplpeaaaepevypgkvehpqpprtpgspadcdddgnpsgdrdpdevarrydpirfnehldgdpegvslqqdatvlpgpgrtrirvknesdrpvqvgshyhfaevnpglkvisvevpagqavpedrslweceaargrrlniaagtsvrfepgdeccvelvqirgdvtaggggtgdlskihglregivp
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=867889..868506,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease gamma subunit
mklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemiseveveatfpdgtklvsihdpiettealkpgeyiladddielnpdsepialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Streptomyces_avermitilis_MA-4680_=_NBRC_14893  coded_by=complement(3332330..3333013),organism=Streptomyces avermitilis MA-4680 = NBRC 14893,definition=putative urease beta/gamma subunit
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaiaaaravlgpddvlpgvadivtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpiggglgdqapgallpgpehtepeavvrvlvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmraavpagssvrfgpgesveiglvpvggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgveqr
>Paenibacillus_sp._HGF5  coded_by=30783..31427,organism=Paenibacillus sp. HGF5,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mhltyqerdklmlflamelaqkrldrglklnypeaaalisgfvvegardgksvaelmeearhvlsadqvmdgvahllrevqveatfvdgtklvsvhdpiqgapsssgivageydlrdepiqlvpdrpritrevtnsgdrpiqvgshfhfyecnpallferngtqgyrldiasglsarfepgdtskvtlvqiggsqeihgfagltngktngmvsl
>uncultured_bacterium_BAC25G1  coded_by=24822..25370,organism=uncultured bacterium BAC25G1,definition=urease beta subunit
mdqannpaieeyttpngvftgkpdiaypnvagftpkehvavggvilsdspieynanrrtvkltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrymefdrpkalgyhlnipattairfepgeekevdlvryggkrrtigfndlvngytgledtptfypksieavrrmkeygfkcaseeeekseytqnqikk
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..492,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
smihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_26695  coded_by=<1..492,organism=Helicobacter pylori 26695,definition=urease UreA
smihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Streptomyces_albus_J1074  coded_by=complement(1552040..1552795),organism=Streptomyces albus J1074,definition=Urease beta subunit / Urease gamma subunit
mrltpterdrllifnaaqlararqarglrlnvpeatalisdtvceaardgarlaeavaagravlgpddvlpgvadvlteiqveavfedgsrlavladpiggghtgdqapgallpgpphaeprpvltvavtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprlrfdraaaygmrlavpagsslrfgpgetreaglvpiggarvvtgfaglvdgpldapgaraealrraaacgylgaeapgtepappgttpappgaptpetda
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkdkgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllnpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgsksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_sp._SB-1  coded_by=<1..>502,organism=Helicobacter sp. SB-1,definition=urea amidohydrolase subunit
keldklmlhyagelakkrkergiklnyveavalisahvmeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieskgklvpgelflkneditinegkqaisvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrekafgkrldiasgt
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf361  coded_by=complement(319714..320334),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf361,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpesvalitdfvvegardgrtvadlmqagatvltadqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaassdipgavttlpgeivfnpgaertvvevanvgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpglvfpreqargkrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsggrtvygfrgdvmgkl
>Chondromyces_crocatus  coded_by=3681461..3682234,organism=Chondromyces crocatus,definition=urease subunit beta
mhlspreidkltlhnagflaqkrlargvrlnvpesiallstqilelirdgkrvaelmdlgkrilgrnqvmegvpeivtevqiegtfpdgtklvtvhhpiaaeqgdlalalygsflpvpdlarfpslplsreltsppgayqvpegdivlnegrsvvqlrvanladrpiqvgshyhfieanpylrfdrarayghrldipagaavrfepgevktvtlvpiagervirggnnlaqgpvcpenlaramervqalgfahepea
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._lachrymans_str._M301315  coded_by=2510..3205,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. lachrymans str. M301315,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlpltvmptpgevlspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._lachrymans  coded_by=complement(6783..7478),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. lachrymans,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlpltvmptpgevlspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._lachrymans  coded_by=38383..39078,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. lachrymans,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlpltvmptpgevlspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._lachrymans  coded_by=complement(6805..7500),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. lachrymans,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlpltvmptpgevlspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root552  coded_by=complement(35203..35898),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root552,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrqgrglklnypeavaiisdailegardgrsvaemmsfgsqiltqsdvmpgvaamlpvlqieatfpdgtklvtvheplrpapgaevdtlepgriiaaegeielnagrpkvtirvvntgdrpvqigshyhffeankalefdreaafgmrldipagtavrlepgqekevtlttfggrqvmgglngltggsakdakvkkaalerakaagfrga
>Thaumarchaeota_archaeon_SAT1  coded_by=complement(1355216..1355578),organism=Thaumarchaeota archaeon SAT1,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyfisekpiianqgkktitisvkntgdrpiqvgshthffesnkalefvreqaygfhlniasgtsirfepgetksvelteyggkrivfgfsglvngplsekksdalekakkggfrga
>Providencia_sneebia_DSM_19967  coded_by=41980..42405,organism=Providencia sneebia DSM 19967,definition=urease subunit beta
msdskttaklptpiggviladtpiefnvdkpetklkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnhalefdraqaygkrlnissttairfepgdeievslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagknvtaterpakaialngaiargfknkeq
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_ATCC_27043  coded_by=complement(10352..10981),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo ATCC 27043,definition=urease, gamma subunit
meltprekdkllifcagilakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregrtvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Beijerinckia_indica_subsp._indica_ATCC_9039  coded_by=complement(3764467..3765087),organism=Beijerinckia indica subsp. indica ATCC 9039,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mnltprekdklliamaaivarrrlergvklnypeavalitdfvvegardgrsvadlmeagahvltaaqvmdgiaemihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirdaastlipgeivtmpgeivmnaeadvvrlsvantgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnaalafdrdaargrrldivagtavrfepgqtrevrliplggarevfgfrqeimgkl
>Nitrosopumilus_sp._PRT-SC01  coded_by=complement(2625..2993),organism=Nitrosopumilus sp. PRT-SC01,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyflsdkpiianvgksitsvsvkntgdrpiqvgshthffevnkalefpreksygchlnipsgtsvrfepgdtreieltefggekivygfsglvngsleekqneafkkatekgfkgltl
>Campylobacter_lari_RM16712  coded_by=5440..6111,organism=Campylobacter lari RM16712,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mhftqqqlqrlmlhyagkiakdrkeqkiklnynealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigkilltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqigshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=117435..118151,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6372  coded_by=complement(63424..64125),organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6372,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrrrgvklnvpeatalitdtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvlgaedvlpgvpdvvtglqveavfddgtrlcviddpfgqrgslglaapgatipgdgegyqsveptlrlpvrntatvpisvsshfhffeanprlafdraaaygtrlavpagstvrfdsgstvfvellpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgareaalakaratgyltayqeqa
>Firmicutes_bacterium_CAG:424  coded_by=complement(13112..13474),organism=Firmicutes bacterium CAG:424,definition=urease subunit beta
mkigevmplneeiilnegkecytilvknigdrpvqvgshyhffevnrclvfdrekaygfrldipsgtsvrfepgeekevgltaiggtrrifglndltcaqisestktaalekaklkgfir
>Microvirga_vignae  coded_by=66071..66691,organism=Microvirga vignae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mqltprekdklliamaamvarrrlergvklnhpeaialitdtvvegardgrsvaelmeagahvitadqvmegvaemihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasadipgevkaqtgeimfnegaerialtiantgdrpiqvgshyhfyetnpalsfdrekargmrldiapgtavrfepgatrevvlvplsgkrevygfrqsvmgal
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgttvrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktfke
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktfke
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktfke
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktfke
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktfke
>Helicobacter_pylori_SS1  coded_by=<1..510,organism=Helicobacter pylori SS1,definition=urease UreA
vmdgvaxmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Burkholderia_sp._AU4i  coded_by=30068..30754,organism=Burkholderia sp. AU4i,definition=Urease beta subunit
mrlfprevdrlllhqaaqlarsrrsrgllltepearaliadtvcegarvggtvadmvalastlltdddvmpgvtervevvmveaffpdgqklvcvhdpigpgsqgepqappprwrlertpvvvnrhrptlrlrvassadrpiqvgshyhffevnpalafdrhaaygyrldipaattlrfepgdtrdvdlvaiggaravyglaglvngalddpavrqvamsrlaaflee
>Burkholderia_phytofirmans_PsJN  coded_by=70224..70910,organism=Burkholderia phytofirmans PsJN,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrlfprevdrlllhqaaqlarsrrsrgllltepearaliadtvcegarvggtvadmvalastlltdddvmpgvtervevvmveaffpdgqklvcvhdpigpgsqgepqappprwrlertpvvvnrhrptlrlrvassadrpiqvgshyhffevnpalafdrhaaygyrldipaattlrfepgdtrdvdlvaiggaravyglaglvngalddpavrqvamsrlaaflee
>Mumia_flava  coded_by=37155..37841,organism=Mumia flava,definition=hypothetical protein
mrlfprevdrlllhqaaqlarsrrsrgllltepearaliadtvcegarvggtvadmvalastlltdddvmpgvtervevvmveaffpdgqklvcvhdpigpgsqgepqappprwrlertpvvvnrhrptlrlrvassadrpiqvgshyhffevnpalafdrhaaygyrldipaattlrfepgdtrdvdlvaiggaravyglaglvngalddpavrqvamsrlaaflee
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..495,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
gvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..495,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
gvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Herpetosiphon_aurantiacus_DSM_785  coded_by=complement(3137008..3137400),organism=Herpetosiphon aurantiacus DSM 785,definition=urease, beta subunit
mqpgeylidqpteaiaanlgratcellvahtgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralvfdrglaygmhlnipagtavrfepgdskiinlvafagtrqiyghnglvngaldavdqrqtslnavqqqqfghraqgdle
>Streptomyces_coelicolor_A3(2)  coded_by=38304..38987,organism=Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2),definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaqaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvadpvgggglgddapgallpghdrpepeaalrlpvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgadr
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieasgklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgiavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_PZ5080  coded_by=3256..3972,organism=Helicobacter pylori PZ5080,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadseskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Nitrospira_moscoviensis  coded_by=1178352..1178846,organism=Nitrospira moscoviensis,definition=Urease subunit beta (modular protein)
mktktkatgaksrhkisprkkpvrslhpaavipgevilgdgdivaftgrqtveltvantgdrpiqvgshchffeanralrfarekaygfrlqvpagtavrfepgeekrvklvaiggnrvayginglvngrlddlavreralgrareqgfitsspqpsppargrg
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY6081  coded_by=complement(291952..292668),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY6081,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_OK310  coded_by=complement(87303..88019),organism=Helicobacter pylori OK310,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Streptomyces_lydicus_A02  coded_by=complement(1601508..1602221),organism=Streptomyces lydicus A02,definition=urease subunit gamma
mhltpheqerlmihvaadvaekrrargirlnypetvalltvhvlegaregrtvadlmssgrkllareevmagvpemiknvqveatfpdgtklvtvhdpfpevdeeeagpvspgkvvfssekddefvrfnegrdvtrlkvknptdrpvqvgshyhfaeanaglkfnrreawgkrlnvpagssvrfepnieewvdlvpiegrrvvhglrgktdglpekidgsldntdgefdedweeldd
>Helicobacter_cetorum_MIT_00-7128  coded_by=complement(513579..514295),organism=Helicobacter cetorum MIT 00-7128,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkergiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaadlmqegrtllkaddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpiecngklvpgelflkdeditinegkqaislkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnkcldfdrekafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelieigggrrifgfnalvdrqadseskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf123  coded_by=complement(138561..139181),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf123,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnegaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrnvygfrgdvmgpl
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(109388..109864),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtsttgttgtkgidtkgttekntplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf104  coded_by=complement(4325..4945),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf104,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvsdlmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttlpgeivfnadaprtllsvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltferekargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrdvvlvplgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Paenibacillus_vortex_V453  coded_by=16257..16901,organism=Paenibacillus vortex V453,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mhltyqesdklllflaselaqkrlarglklnypeaaalisgyvvegardgksvaelmeearhvlsadqvmdgvahlltevqveatfvdgtklvsvhdpiqgilasagmiageydlrdepielvpdrprikrevtntgdrpiqvgshfhfyecnpalqfdrngtqgyrldiasglstrfepgetsevvlvqiggsqeihgfaglingktngmvsl
>Streptomyces_rubellomurinus  coded_by=35869..36582,organism=Streptomyces rubellomurinus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mqltpterdrlliftaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaveagrsvltaddvlpgvpdlvteiqveavfqdgtrlavvadpfgggdlgeaapgavllgkgaepvpapartltvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprlafdraaaygmhlavpagssvrfdpgaavevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldsplvrrealrraaeqgylgasrddeaeesrr
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM037  coded_by=complement(1638423..1639139),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM037,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM114  coded_by=complement(783..1499),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM114,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM084  coded_by=complement(789..1505),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM084,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM037  coded_by=49387..50103,organism=Helicobacter pylori UM037,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_SNT49  coded_by=complement(108621..109337),organism=Helicobacter pylori SNT49,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_India7  coded_by=complement(69741..70457),organism=Helicobacter pylori India7,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_A45  coded_by=150498..151214,organism=Helicobacter pylori A45,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD662  coded_by=complement(718..1434),organism=Helicobacter pylori FD662,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD430  coded_by=277..993,organism=Helicobacter pylori FD430,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(71551..72267),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(71554..72270),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=21138..21854,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=49810..50526,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(15774..16490),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(402313..403029),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(244300..245016),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(251664..252380),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=20194..20910,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(273288..274004),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(250246..250962),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=760773..761489,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Chryseobacterium_sp._BLS98  coded_by=complement(452345..452713),organism=Chryseobacterium sp. BLS98,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegtiicnegretarikvvntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamsfdreaafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggakkamgfnnlvdgqtdsadqkkaslakaeqlnfkth
>Streptomyces_roseus  coded_by=complement(123721..124446),organism=Streptomyces roseus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeatalvadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpadvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsapirgavplgedapgavvpgpgapqpepalhlrvrntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgeaevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgtgpgapahdtadgeqa
>Bacillus_atrophaeus_subsp._globigii  coded_by=complement(3115710..3116084),organism=Bacillus atrophaeus subsp. globigii,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegrdtqellvknngsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfnreqaigmrldipsgtsvriepgeektvtlvsiggrkavrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlnkagwlegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._niger  coded_by=470410..470784,organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. niger,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegrdtqellvknngsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfnreqaigmrldipsgtsvriepgeektvtlvsiggrkavrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlnkagwlegvir
>Bacillus_atrophaeus_C89  coded_by=95026..95400,organism=Bacillus atrophaeus C89,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegrdtqellvknngsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfnreqaigmrldipsgtsvriepgeektvtlvsiggrkavrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlnkagwlegvir
>Bacillus_atrophaeus_1942  coded_by=complement(3190273..3190647),organism=Bacillus atrophaeus 1942,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegrdtqellvknngsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfnreqaigmrldipsgtsvriepgeektvtlvsiggrkavrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlnkagwlegvir
>Bacillus_atrophaeus_UCMB-5137  coded_by=complement(62569..62943),organism=Bacillus atrophaeus UCMB-5137,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkpgafqiaegtitinegrdtqellvknngsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfnreqaigmrldipsgtsvriepgeektvtlvsiggrkavrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlnkagwlegvir
>Bacillus_atrophaeus  coded_by=complement(3115713..3116087),organism=Bacillus atrophaeus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegrdtqellvknngsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfnreqaigmrldipsgtsvriepgeektvtlvsiggrkavrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlnkagwlegvir
>Bacillus_atrophaeus_UCMB-5137  coded_by=complement(3547345..3547719),organism=Bacillus atrophaeus UCMB-5137,definition=UreB
mkpgafqiaegtitinegrdtqellvknngsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfnreqaigmrldipsgtsvriepgeektvtlvsiggrkavrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlnkagwlegvir
>Helicobacter_pylori_Puno135  coded_by=1108110..1108793,organism=Helicobacter pylori Puno135,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeqekfllyyaeevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayvsahimdearrgkktvadlmqecmhflkkdevmesvgnmvpdlgvescfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdnhkageikfgsneyieinahkqanaiklkvknngtkslhvgshfhffeankalefdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagetkevtlidiggskkvlgmnnltnnianerhkpfalenakkhgflk
>Yersinia_intermedia_ATCC_29909  coded_by=complement(85980..86414),organism=Yersinia intermedia ATCC 29909,definition=Urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=complement(840410..840844),organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=complement(470797..471231),organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=complement(186421..186855),organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=1466..1900,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=55613..56047,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=55714..56148,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=complement(30843..31277),organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=55696..56130,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpdserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Streptomyces_sp._HPH0547  coded_by=complement(465884..466639),organism=Streptomyces sp. HPH0547,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mrlgpterdrllifgtaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrladaiaagqavlgpddvlpgvaevlteiqveavfddgsrlavvpspiggpttaeapgqvlpagpeedtdaayaaappvvtltvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprlhfdraaafgmrlavpagssvrfdaggsrevgllplggdrlaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgagpgpakahtepaderredee
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_F-6602  coded_by=108826..109581,organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-6602,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrlgpterdrllifgtaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrladaiaagqavlgpddvlpgvaevlteiqveavfddgsrlavvpspiggpttaeapgqvlpagpeedtdaayaaappvvtltvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprlhfdraaafgmrlavpagssvrfdaggsrevgllplggdrlaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgagpgpakahtepaderredee
>Haloquadratum_walsbyi_DSM_16790  coded_by=2999779..3000159,organism=Haloquadratum walsbyi DSM 16790,definition=urease beta subunit
msnitpgelipadkpveinadrettsvtventgdrpsqvgshfhffetnpalsfdrksaygmrldipagtairfepgcekdvdlvaiggdrivkgmgglvngeldadetreqaferarnadymeeq
>Pseudomonas_psychrophila  coded_by=complement(29835..30302),organism=Pseudomonas psychrophila,definition=urease subunit beta
mphaknpggvhkgneadvplggtifastpitfnedrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaafgkrlnisattairfepgdeievplipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdkmtsnherpeklqaiqravdhgfkfskpakptndk
>Mycobacterium_mageritense_DSM_44476  coded_by=complement(4151083..4151784),organism=Mycobacterium mageritense DSM 44476,definition=urease subunit beta/urease subunit gamma
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkrraaglaltyaearaliadevleaaragatvadaaargaqiltdddvlpgvrtllgsvqveaffedgqklvtvhdaigpghrcaadlavvpgeiltaegdlelnagratatvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffetnralrfdraaaygmrldipsgtavrfepgeaqvvsltsyggqrivigqndvtngptdappsaelmttmrgggfldtes
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._AAP120  coded_by=77138..77833,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. AAP120,definition=hypothetical protein
mnlsptemdrlvifnaaqmarrnmslgiklshpeavayltdevmtaarrdlpyaeirdmagrllttddvepgvaqmipliyieclfaegtkvmalfepigpgeaeitdslvpgeiiaggddiesfadlpaitldvvntgdrdvqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkvdrpagagirfepgvvksvrlvpiagdrvvrgqaglvngpldeptakdaaleracargylga
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._inaquosorum_KCTC_13429  coded_by=complement(347885..348259),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. inaquosorum KCTC 13429,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtiainegretrevavkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglnamadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Helicobacter_felis_ATCC_49179  coded_by=<1..510,organism=Helicobacter felis ATCC 49179,definition=urease UreA
nvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Stigmatella_aurantiaca_DW4/3-1  coded_by=38544..39284,organism=Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1,definition=urease
mlhqagflaqkrlarglqlnypeavaliatqllefirdgqmsvpelmdlgrkllgraqvmegvpemvsevqvegtfpdgtklvsvphpieleqgdmslalygsflpvlplrwpqerstkearlapgqvlfqsepieinpgreaislkvvnrgdrpiqvgshyhfietnkdlvfdraraygrrldikagtaerfekdqtktvwlvpiagdqvirggnglasgpvtpenlkrameqviargfghqeek
>Streptomyces_anulatus  coded_by=complement(901866..902576),organism=Streptomyces anulatus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararrarglrlnipeataliadtvceaardghrlavaieygrsvlalddllpgvadvvteiqveavfedgsrlavvtdpfggggpgdlapgavlpgpadagsepvllltvrntapvpisvtshfhffevnprlsfdraaaygmrlavpagastrfdaggavevglvpmggartaigfaglvdghldapgakeealrraaargylgaaeahgpsgatr
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._maculicola  coded_by=complement(340806..341501),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. maculicola,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_EBL11  coded_by=69573..69947,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens EBL11,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=1..>372,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=Sequence 9 from Patent WO2010086220
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_CC178  coded_by=complement(3496031..3496405),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens CC178,definition=ureB
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_sp._Pc3  coded_by=2467664..2468038,organism=Bacillus sp. Pc3,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_str._FZB42  coded_by=complement(3497793..3498167),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum str. FZB42,definition=UreB
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._amyloliquefaciens_KHG19  coded_by=complement(3351404..3351778),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. amyloliquefaciens KHG19,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=424640..425014,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=complement(147160..147534),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus_AS43.3  coded_by=complement(3532937..3533311),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus AS43.3,definition=UreB
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=complement(421818..422192),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=419253..419627,organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=complement(3585877..3586251),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta UreB
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=3690..4064,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_UCMB5113  coded_by=complement(3483302..3483676),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum UCMB5113,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_UCMB5036  coded_by=complement(3491927..3492301),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum UCMB5036,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Morganella_morganii  coded_by=complement(55196..55651),organism=Morganella morganii,definition=urease subunit beta
mnvqqkgevlimsntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvaiserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-11  coded_by=complement(299784..300500),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-11,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgtksddnyvktike
>Roseobacter_sp._AzwK-3b  coded_by=complement(252209..252892),organism=Roseobacter sp. AzwK-3b,definition=Urease, beta subunit:Urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglrlnapeavaliadeilegardgssvaamisfgstvlstddvmpgvadllpmiqveavfpdgtklvtvhdpirpgdlpiedtvgrpgeiragegeielnagrekatltvkntgdrpvqvgshyhffetnkaldfdraaafgfrldipagtavrfepgqekevtlcsfggnkhltglnnltrgegkeaaleraraagfkga
>Paenibacillus_sp._Y412MC10  coded_by=complement(3348659..3349303),organism=Paenibacillus sp. Y412MC10,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mhltyqerdklmlfvamelaqkrlarglklnypeaaalisgfvvegardgksvaelmeearhvlsadqvmdgvaqllrevqveatfvdgtklvsvhdpiqgapsssgivageydlrdepiqlvpdrpritrevtnsgdrpiqvgshfhfyecnpallfdrngtqgyrldiasglsarfepgeitkvtlvqiggsqeihgfagltngktngmvsl
>Streptomyces_sp._MUSC119T  coded_by=16938..17639,organism=Streptomyces sp. MUSC119T,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaveaaravlgpadvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigggglgedapgallpgpdhadpepvvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaayglrlavpagssvrfgpgesrqvgllpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgvprtgeagr
>Ornithobacterium_rhinotracheale_ORT-UMN_88  coded_by=1656004..1656378,organism=Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale ORT-UMN 88,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegeiicnegrrttkikvintgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamkfnreeafgmrlnivastavrfepgeekevelvelggrkrvvgfnnlvngsvvseatkneslnkveslkfenlkk
>Ornithobacterium_rhinotracheale_DSM_15997  coded_by=1704268..1704642,organism=Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale DSM 15997,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeifvkegeiicnegrrttkikvintgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamkfnreeafgmrlnivastavrfepgeekevelvelggrkrvvgfnnlvngsvvseatkneslnkveslkfenlkk
>Ornithobacterium_rhinotracheale_H06-030791  coded_by=35109..35483,organism=Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale H06-030791,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegeiicnegrrttkikvintgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamkfnreeafgmrlnivastavrfepgeekevelvelggrkrvvgfnnlvngsvvseatkneslnkveslkfenlkk
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Cryptocercus_punctulatus)_str._Cpu  coded_by=484339..484968,organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Cryptocercus punctulatus) str. Cpu,definition=urease subunit beta/gamma
mhltfyekekiilhmagelakkrlkrglklnypesvafithyvmegardgktvkeliyeagnilhdgqvmdgvyellhniqieatfpdgtklvtihnpikkilkkksnfipgqykllqedisllpgrsrikrivsnmgdrpiqigshfhfyetniylhfdrngtkgyrldipsgrsirfepgetkeiflvkigglkkiygfsgkentki
>Methylobacterium_populi_BJ001  coded_by=1211641..1212336,organism=Methylobacterium populi BJ001,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltptemerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvaammpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvtvevvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtltgfggareltglnnltqgkldsdaaradalararargfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._GBA_94-10  coded_by=complement(54555..55310),organism=Streptomyces sp. GBA 94-10,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrllifnaaqlararqarglrlnvpeatalisdtvceaardgarlaeavavgravlgpddvlpgvadvlteiqveavfedgtrlavladpiggghtgdqapgallpgtphagpgpvlalrvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprlsfdraaaygmrlavpagsslrfspgetreaglvpiggarvvtgfaglvdgpldapgaraealrraaacgylgagapgaepappgatpvlpgtpapetda
>Haloquadratum_walsbyi_C23  coded_by=3017948..3018328,organism=Haloquadratum walsbyi C23,definition=urease beta subunit
msditpgelipadkpveinadrettsvtventgdrpsqvgshfhffetnpalsfdrksaygmrldipagtairfepgcekdvdlvaiggdrivkgmgglvngeldadetreqaferarnadymeeq
>Brucella_abortus_str._2308_A  coded_by=264146..264640,organism=Brucella abortus str. 2308 A,definition=urease, beta subunit
mqestmakepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-21  coded_by=complement(107289..108005),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-21,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-26  coded_by=complement(154844..155560),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-26,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4228  coded_by=complement(287303..288019),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4228,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_908  coded_by=complement(73020..73736),organism=Helicobacter pylori 908,definition=urease beta subunit/urease gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAMchJs106B  coded_by=complement(48744..49460),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAMchJs106B,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM71Ai  coded_by=complement(9848..10564),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM71Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM80Ai  coded_by=21436..22152,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM80Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAMchJs117Ai  coded_by=21646..22362,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAMchJs117Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAMchJs124i  coded_by=complement(45244..45960),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAMchJs124i,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM270ASi  coded_by=complement(14633..15349),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM270ASi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP116Bi  coded_by=complement(77642..78358),organism=Helicobacter pylori HP116Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM96Ai  coded_by=53201..53917,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM96Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM239Bi  coded_by=21334..22050,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM239Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM245Ai  coded_by=complement(13246..13962),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM245Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM231Ai  coded_by=21677..22393,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM231Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM115Ai  coded_by=4952..5668,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM115Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM249T  coded_by=21158..21874,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM249T,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM100Ai  coded_by=complement(67923..68639),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM100Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD423  coded_by=20288..21004,organism=Helicobacter pylori FD423,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD535  coded_by=7562..8278,organism=Helicobacter pylori FD535,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_2018  coded_by=complement(74347..75063),organism=Helicobacter pylori 2018,definition=Urease beta /gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_2017  coded_by=complement(72116..72832),organism=Helicobacter pylori 2017,definition=Urease beta/ gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-28b  coded_by=complement(46275..46991),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-28b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4076  coded_by=31541..32257,organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4076,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(325093..325809),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=40054..40770,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=131581..132297,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=20034..20750,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Roseovarius_sp._217  coded_by=complement(117260..117955),organism=Roseovarius sp. 217,definition=Urease, beta subunit:Urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaqlarrrrdrglalnapeaiaiicdeilegardgrsvaelvsygstiltrddvmpgvadlvpmiqvegvfpdgtklvtvhdpirpganpvadaeirpgefrvaegeielnagretitltvrntgdrpvqvgshyhffeankaldmdraaafgfrlnipagtavrfepgqekevslctfggekrlsglnnltngevneankiaaleraraagfkga
>Streptomyces_rimosus_subsp._pseudoverticillatus  coded_by=complement(2184..2951),organism=Streptomyces rimosus subsp. pseudoverticillatus,definition=hypothetical protein
mrphgtevlgrsecrdaavhltpheqerlmlhvaadvaekrrarglrlnypetmalliahvlegardgktvaelmssgrkllareevmegvpemiekvqveatfpdgtklvtihdpfpavgqdeepvvwpgkvdfspreddavvvfnerhrlegqvttltvenptdrpiqvgshyhfaeandglkfrrkkawgkrlnvpagssvrfepgiteevelvpiegervvhglrgrikglpekikgsldhlrgsfdqerv
>Cytophaga_hutchinsonii_ATCC_33406  coded_by=1470742..1471488,organism=Cytophaga hutchinsonii ATCC 33406,definition=urea amidohydrolase (urease) gamma subunit and beta subunit fusion
mrlapkdieklmlhnagvlaqkryargillnypetiallsaqllefiregysvaelmdlgmkilgvddvmdgvaqmvdevqiegtfpdgtklvtvhhpvcnqnlsngyalygsgltksaskllidntinptpgakeyaagtielnagrktkildvinsgdrpvqvgshyifsetnaalkfdrvgaigyrldipagtavrfepgekktvqvveiagqqivyggnglidggiteddipqikqrmqekgfi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3843  coded_by=complement(49671..50120),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3843,definition=Urease subunit beta (Urea amidohydrolase subunit beta)
magpkvgpkiaadvdpatshvplggyvcspaaitfdadrpvttlkvrnagdrpvqvgshfhffevnpalefdraaafglhlnipsstatrfepgderevqlvpyggkravygfnnlvdgptadrnaatvkskavalaaqrgfrslqnka
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=<1..532,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=UreA
rtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Yersinia_rohdei_ATCC_43380  coded_by=complement(114991..115431),organism=Yersinia rohdei ATCC 43380,definition=Urease subunit beta
msakkstntkstteqntplggciladapitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrpaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_rohdei  coded_by=357..797,organism=Yersinia rohdei,definition=UreB
msakkstntkstteqntplggciladapitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrpaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_rohdei  coded_by=48072..48512,organism=Yersinia rohdei,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstntkstteqntplggciladapitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrpaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_rohdei  coded_by=48055..48495,organism=Yersinia rohdei,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstntkstteqntplggciladapitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrpaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_rohdei  coded_by=complement(1761677..1762117),organism=Yersinia rohdei,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstntkstteqntplggciladapitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrpaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_rohdei  coded_by=48073..48513,organism=Yersinia rohdei,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstntkstteqntplggciladapitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrpaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_rohdei  coded_by=47954..48394,organism=Yersinia rohdei,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstntkstteqntplggciladapitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrpaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Hyphomicrobium_denitrificans_ATCC_51888  coded_by=complement(2895526..2896224),organism=Hyphomicrobium denitrificans ATCC 51888,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrsrglklnypeavalisdeilegardgksvadmmsigsqiltqddvmpgvaamlpmlqveatfrdgtklvtvhdplrpkpgasaeptltpgeilaidgeielnagrrkaslkvtnmgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdreaafgmrldipagtavrfepgqekiveltefggerhlsglngltngsardpavkaaamtrarergfrts
>Nitrososphaera_viennensis_EN76  coded_by=complement(1252637..1253083),organism=Nitrososphaera viennensis EN76,definition=urease subunit beta
mkktngktkkrrsqkkiikkkevarpmmpgeyvlasepvmcntnrktvkitvknkgdrpcqigshthffevnraldfprekafgyrlnipagtsirfepgdskevelceiggarvcfgfngltmgslnssmvmraavekaqkqgfnga
>Methylobacterium_radiotolerans_JCM_2831  coded_by=complement(468452..469147),organism=Methylobacterium radiotolerans JCM 2831,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavalitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilsiedvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepiraregapadtlepgailpadgaielaagrprvtldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdraaalghrldipagtairfepgqrktvtlvgfggareltglndltqgtlpddaaraaalarakargfkga
>Methylobacterium_radiotolerans  coded_by=complement(94834..95529),organism=Methylobacterium radiotolerans,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavalitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilsiedvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepiraregapadtlepgailpadgaielaagrprvtldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdraaalghrldipagtairfepgqrktvtlvgfggareltglndltqgtlpddaaraaalarakargfkga
>Serratia_marcescens_BIDMC_50  coded_by=633452..633898,organism=Serratia marcescens BIDMC 50,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkhdkekhvppggyilsespitfnedretviltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqapiktdee
>Serratia_sp._TEL  coded_by=complement(808415..808861),organism=Serratia sp. TEL,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkhdkekhvppggyilsespitfnedretviltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqapiktdee
>Serratia_ureilytica  coded_by=5074659..5075105,organism=Serratia ureilytica,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkhdkekhvppggyilsespitfnedretviltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqapiktdee
>Serratia_marcescens_BIDMC_81  coded_by=30721..31167,organism=Serratia marcescens BIDMC 81,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkhdkekhvppggyilsespitfnedretviltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqapiktdee
>Serratia_sp._SCBI  coded_by=928598..929044,organism=Serratia sp. SCBI,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkhdkekhvppggyilsespitfnedretviltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqapiktdee
>Hyphomicrobium_sp._GJ21  coded_by=1249806..1250504,organism=Hyphomicrobium sp. GJ21,definition=Urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrsrglklnypeavalisdeilegardgksvadmmsigsqiltqddvmpgvaamlpmlqveatfrdgtklvtvhdplrpkpgasaepavtpgeilaidgeielnagrrktsmkvtnmgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdreaafgmrldipagtavrfepgqekvveltefggdrhlsglngltngsardpavkaaaiararergfrts
>Haloarcula_amylolytica_JCM_13557  coded_by=complement(208751..209167),organism=Haloarcula amylolytica JCM 13557,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevlpgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsdavermraagfgdtgetatdggdaesdq
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Panesthia_angustipennis_spadica)_str._BPAA  coded_by=complement(146880..147509),organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Panesthia angustipennis spadica) str. BPAA,definition=urease subunit beta/gamma
mhltsyekekillhmagelakkrlkrglklnypeslalithyvmegardgktvkdlmyeagnilndeqvmdgvyellnsvqveatfpdgtklvtihhpikknrkknsnlipgqydllkeeivllpgrsrmkrivsntgtrpiqvgshfhfyetnsallfdrkgtkgykldipsgrsvrfepgetkevilveiggskkiygfsgrentti
>Streptosporangium_roseum_DSM_43021  coded_by=6766942..6767685,organism=Streptosporangium roseum DSM 43021,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrltpaerdrlllftaaglararkarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgawlaeaveagrrvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgtrlavvtdpfgggslgaeapgavtaapppsgqrdaaeegavevevlntatvpisvtshfhffeanprlrfdraagygrrlavpagstvrfdpgesrtarlvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgaferamekaracgylgsepagpttgdrpagagdr
>Yersinia_pestis_EV_NIIEG  coded_by=complement(45112..45546),organism=Yersinia pestis EV NIIEG,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=complement(125305..125739),organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-61  coded_by=8255..8689,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-61,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-53  coded_by=1316..1750,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-53,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-08  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-08,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-07  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-07,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-72  coded_by=8270..8704,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-72,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-19  coded_by=8273..8707,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-19,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-14  coded_by=759..1193,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-14,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-32  coded_by=8268..8702,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-32,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-89  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-89,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-59  coded_by=8268..8702,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-59,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-88  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-88,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-16  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-16,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-113  coded_by=8251..8685,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-113,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-58  coded_by=879..1313,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-58,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-29  coded_by=8238..8672,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-29,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-05  coded_by=8240..8674,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-05,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-10  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-10,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-65  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-65,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-92  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-92,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-95  coded_by=8255..8689,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-95,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-54  coded_by=862..1296,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-54,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-64  coded_by=941..1375,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-64,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-63  coded_by=8255..8689,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-63,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-46  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-46,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-42  coded_by=8268..8702,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-42,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-71  coded_by=8273..8707,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-71,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-48  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-48,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-96  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-96,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-103  coded_by=892..1326,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-103,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-56  coded_by=8270..8704,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-56,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-90  coded_by=8251..8685,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-90,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-55  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-55,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-76  coded_by=8271..8705,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-76,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-36  coded_by=8255..8689,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-36,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-06  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-06,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-09  coded_by=8275..8709,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-09,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-25  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-25,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-93  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-93,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-91  coded_by=8253..8687,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-91,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-03  coded_by=8240..8674,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-03,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-04  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-04,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-01  coded_by=8247..8681,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-01,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Orientalis_str._IP275  coded_by=26715..27149,organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Orientalis str. IP275,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Pestoides_A  coded_by=complement(103170..103604),organism=Yersinia pestis Pestoides A,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Orientalis_str._PEXU2  coded_by=437663..438097,organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Orientalis str. PEXU2,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Orientalis_str._India_195  coded_by=297414..297848,organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Orientalis str. India 195,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Nepal516  coded_by=358470..358904,organism=Yersinia pestis Nepal516,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_CA88-4125  coded_by=complement(658235..658669),organism=Yersinia pestis CA88-4125,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Orientalis_str._F1991016  coded_by=110022..110456,organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Orientalis str. F1991016,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(284394..284828),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_IP_31758  coded_by=1282017..1282451,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis IP 31758,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_CO92  coded_by=2991771..2992205,organism=Yersinia pestis CO92,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=1099..1533,organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=1314..1748,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_YPIII  coded_by=1919907..1920341,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis YPIII,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Medievalis_str._Harbin_35  coded_by=complement(3082192..3082626),organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Medievalis str. Harbin 35,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=3646488..3646922,organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Pestoides_G  coded_by=2402631..2403065,organism=Yersinia pestis Pestoides G,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-102  coded_by=8255..8689,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-102,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-101  coded_by=8194..8628,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-101,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-100  coded_by=8262..8696,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-100,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-99  coded_by=8271..8705,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-99,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-98  coded_by=8260..8694,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-98,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-94  coded_by=8268..8702,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-94,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-66  coded_by=895..1329,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-66,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-60  coded_by=8273..8707,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-60,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-47  coded_by=8268..8702,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-47,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-52  coded_by=1078..1512,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-52,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-34  coded_by=8255..8689,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-34,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-45  coded_by=8266..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-45,definition=urease, beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-15  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-15,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-13  coded_by=8255..8689,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-13,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-11  coded_by=8270..8704,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-11,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-12  coded_by=8264..8698,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-12,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_PY-02  coded_by=8245..8679,organism=Yersinia pestis PY-02,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Talassica  coded_by=8740..9174,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Talassica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Talassica  coded_by=8741..9175,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Talassica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=18649..19083,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=29045..29479,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Ulegeica  coded_by=18689..19123,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Ulegeica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Hissarica  coded_by=complement(58026..58460),organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Hissarica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Ulegeica  coded_by=complement(58036..58470),organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Ulegeica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_790  coded_by=1279175..1279609,organism=Yersinia pestis 790,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_1045  coded_by=complement(186566..187000),organism=Yersinia pestis 1045,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_2944  coded_by=90244..90678,organism=Yersinia pestis 2944,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_1412  coded_by=complement(2114765..2115199),organism=Yersinia pestis 1412,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_1413  coded_by=3678172..3678606,organism=Yersinia pestis 1413,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_1522  coded_by=complement(3569577..3570011),organism=Yersinia pestis 1522,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_3067  coded_by=2836971..2837405,organism=Yersinia pestis 3067,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_3770  coded_by=2977871..2978305,organism=Yersinia pestis 3770,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_8787  coded_by=1653040..1653474,organism=Yersinia pestis 8787,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=29127..29561,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=29185..29619,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=18662..19096,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=29252..29686,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=complement(57950..58384),organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=29059..29493,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Altaica  coded_by=8739..9173,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Altaica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Ulegeica  coded_by=19651..20085,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Ulegeica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=18660..19094,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Caucasica  coded_by=complement(57916..58350),organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Caucasica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Altaica  coded_by=8745..9179,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Altaica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._microtus_bv._Xilingolensis  coded_by=complement(58029..58463),organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. microtus bv. Xilingolensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_14735  coded_by=complement(106958..107392),organism=Yersinia pestis 14735,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_1670  coded_by=322934..323368,organism=Yersinia pestis 1670,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=complement(937290..937724),organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Pestoides_F  coded_by=2334323..2334757,organism=Yersinia pestis Pestoides F,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_IP_32953  coded_by=4164238..4164672,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis IP 32953,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=complement(1620963..1621397),organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=1024959..1025393,organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_A1122  coded_by=768245..768679,organism=Yersinia pestis A1122,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=complement(61197..61631),organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=823625..824059,organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_str._Pestoides_B  coded_by=1645451..1645885,organism=Yersinia pestis str. Pestoides B,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=complement(2112764..2113198),organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_CO92  coded_by=complement(4492165..4492599),organism=Yersinia pestis CO92,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Angola  coded_by=268922..269356,organism=Yersinia pestis Angola,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Antiqua  coded_by=1067808..1068242,organism=Yersinia pestis Antiqua,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=3903303..3903737,organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=complement(2826380..2826814),organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=complement(2674106..2674540),organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_PB1/+  coded_by=complement(2633846..2634280),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis PB1/+,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=3682033..3682467,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(2502631..2503065),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=698477..698911,organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._pestis_bv._Orientalis  coded_by=21101..21535,organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. pestis bv. Orientalis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_IP_32953  coded_by=complement(3475847..3476281),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis IP 32953,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis  coded_by=8293..8727,organism=Yersinia pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=3997245..3997679,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_subsp._pestis  coded_by=complement(15241..15675),organism=Yersinia pestis subsp. pestis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii_ATCC_43969  coded_by=21503..21937,organism=Yersinia mollaretii ATCC 43969,definition=Urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=390..824,organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=UreB
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=complement(184635..185069),organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=21901..22335,organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=44769..45203,organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=complement(148779..149213),organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=40672..41106,organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=complement(169098..169532),organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=44617..45051,organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_mollaretii  coded_by=complement(162130..162564),organism=Yersinia mollaretii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6386  coded_by=complement(104596..105291),organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6386,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierartvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgpeapgallpgpehaepeavvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffevnprldfdraeaygtrlavpagssvrfgpgeslevglipiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgvpteeadr
>Chondromyces_apiculatus_DSM_436  coded_by=47124..47987,organism=Chondromyces apiculatus DSM 436,definition=Urease beta subunit
mhlspreidklllhnagflaqkrlargvrlnvpesialistqllelirdgqsvaalmdlgkrflgrnqvmpgvpeivaevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhhpiaaehgdlalalhgsflpvpelalfvavppepipgafeiaegdlvlnegrtaiqlqvtnladrpiqvgshyhfietnpylrfdreraygrrldipagaavrfepgetrtvdlveiagervirggnaladgpvspeglaramervrafgfghapepepspepspepspepsrepsrepsrepsrepsrep
>Streptomyces_sp._KE1  coded_by=9870..10337,organism=Streptomyces sp. KE1,definition=urease subunit beta
mtlppryqyadepieinagrptlkitvrntgdravqvgsdyhffevnsaldfdrdatigmhlniaagtavrfepggthevelctyagtgrlhgfsgllngsvrsqaacleavdraerlgflgaradrlkheagatghkgadtgrteakknkkgsh
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_IS53  coded_by=2042..2482,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae IS53,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpiggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=149184..149624,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpiggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._syringae_str._B301D-R  coded_by=182303..182998,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae str. B301D-R,definition=Bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnlpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilnsddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._syringae_B301D  coded_by=complement(2465754..2466449),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae B301D,definition=urease, beta subunit/urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnlpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilnsddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Paenibacillus_darwinianus  coded_by=2807..3226,organism=Paenibacillus darwinianus,definition=urease subunit beta
mtakhneigairykdemielrpgrprtvirvhhrgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkalvfdreqafgmhldilsgtavrfepgeekevqlvryggrgsligfngltmgdlndeavrvaairlaqrqgympqggdkrqegeggg
>Paenibacillus_darwinianus  coded_by=2811..3230,organism=Paenibacillus darwinianus,definition=urease subunit beta
mtakhneigairykdemielrpgrprtvirvhhrgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkalvfdreqafgmhldilsgtavrfepgeekevqlvryggrgsligfngltmgdlndeavrvaairlaqrqgympqggdkrqegeggg
>Paenibacillus_darwinianus  coded_by=2781..3200,organism=Paenibacillus darwinianus,definition=urease subunit beta
mtakhneigairykdemielrpgrprtvirvhhrgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkalvfdreqafgmhldilsgtavrfepgeekevqlvryggrgsligfngltmgdlndeavrvaairlaqrqgympqggdkrqegeggg
>Streptococcus_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(608936..609310),organism=Streptococcus pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegaitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Streptococcus_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(14161..14535),organism=Streptococcus pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegaitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Serratia_marcescens  coded_by=28535..28981,organism=Serratia marcescens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkhdkekhvppggyilsenpitfnedretviltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqtpiktdee
>Xanthobacter_autotrophicus_Py2  coded_by=4598124..4598744,organism=Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdklfiamaaevarkrlargvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmelgarvitadqvmdgisemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsqtvpgelvpqegdihfnegaervrltvsntgdrpiqvgshyhfyetnpalafereqargmrldiapgtavrfepgasrevtlvpfggkrevfgfrgavqgkl
>Chryseobacterium_gleum_ATCC_35910  coded_by=616875..617243,organism=Chryseobacterium gleum ATCC 35910,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeifvkegtiicnegretvkikvtntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamsfdrekafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggtkkavgfnnlvdgqvdseeqkkaslakveelnfknh
>Mitsuokella_multacida_DSM_20544  coded_by=356169..356600,organism=Mitsuokella multacida DSM 20544,definition=urease, beta subunit
mekegqcmipgefflkegdivlnvgrtvrklvvtnlgdrpvqvgahyhffevnrclsfargeafgmrldipsgtsvrfepgeqktvalvslrgrnrcfgfngltmgpagdfereealrhakergfagaadvetenrkkkegdv
>Helicobacter_bizzozeronii  coded_by=<1..492,organism=Helicobacter bizzozeronii,definition=urease UreA
pgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedgghklapgevilkneditlnagkqattlevhnkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllefdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgekktveliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadtdgkklalkrakehgfgvvncgcdkk
>Acidiplasma_cupricumulans  coded_by=complement(14047..14430),organism=Acidiplasma cupricumulans,definition=hypothetical protein
msdnqktvgkiflgsgdietfpnrkriklkvkntgdrgiqigahfhffevnramefdrsqaygmkldipsgtsirfepgeekevtlvsyggknyvygfgglvngsvkveyrkalamqkakdlkykgv
>Streptomyces_sp._CFMR_7  coded_by=complement(725963..726547),organism=Streptomyces sp. CFMR 7,definition=hypothetical protein
msfrqkylygeepieinagrrtvrltventgdraiqigshyhffevnsalsfdrqralgmhlnipagtsvrvepggtrevelceyagtgrlvgfsgllngslvshpakveavrkaiergfagaqnsaqaetdaetspkqkkpdrknpdrktkkpeaktektektkksepkssqqksprpksakpkssqqkkgsr
>Bizionia_argentinensis_JUB59  coded_by=complement(59840..60214),organism=Bizionia argentinensis JUB59,definition=urease subunit alpha
mipgeyilkeekiicnaqhesitlkvintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkemsfdrekafgkrldilagtamrfepgesfevqlidlggsrksygssnltqgdttskesltkamkkmksanfkntks
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqvgshlhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=49564..50022,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstkgistkgttekntplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=49534..49992,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstkgistkgttekntplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_NBRC_105692  coded_by=7052..7579,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis NBRC 105692,definition=urease subunit beta
mvavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=27033..27560,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
mvavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28936..29463,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
mvavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(126948..127475),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
mvavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(73908..74435),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
mvavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..501,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
mpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Mycobacterium_sp._Root265  coded_by=390909..391610,organism=Mycobacterium sp. Root265,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkhraaglalsyaearaliadevveaaraganvadaaahgarvltdddvlpgvrtllgsvqveaffadgqklvtvhdaigpgnrsaeelavipgevfpaegdlelndgrptatvtventgdrpiqvgshfhffetnralrfdrrsafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeaqdvsltsyggerlvigqndvtnaptdttpseelmtdmralgfldtgs
>Brucella_ceti_str._Cudo  coded_by=610338..610832,organism=Brucella ceti str. Cudo,definition=urease, beta subunit
mqestmakeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrcepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._AAP120  coded_by=106079..106774,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. AAP120,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltifnaaelarrrrarglklnypeavalitddilegardgrtvadligygstilttddvlpgiaammhmiqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpapgseadpehpglitaaegslelnagrrrlsltavntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralefdrgaafnmrldipagtavrfepgaskevtlvefggsgdltglnnltagrgsdprvreaalarakargfrga
>Pseudomonas_sp._CFII64  coded_by=220850..221545,organism=Pseudomonas sp. CFII64,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrakglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpglllvaalptpgeiispdsdiqlntgrptttlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpgckaialeraraqlfkga
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf121  coded_by=16332..17027,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf121,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvsldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggareltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Streptomyces_vietnamensis  coded_by=5938378..5939085,organism=Streptomyces vietnamensis,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieaarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvteihveavfddgsrlavvsapigggglgagapgallpgpayeeiepalvvrvhntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlaipagasfrfdpggeaevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakaealrraaacgylgvpsdksdeedd
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaavlmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf87  coded_by=complement(18894..19514),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf87,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagghvlnaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasvevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtlvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreaargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrdvvlvplggtrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Bacillus_glycinifermentans  coded_by=complement(507512..507886),organism=Bacillus glycinifermentans,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvadgmisinegratkeitvkntgtrsiqvgshfhfaeanralafdraaalgmrldipsgtsirlepgeektvslvelggrrtvrglngmsetlldergkekalnqlkeagwiegvkr
>Bacillus_sp._GO-13  coded_by=38086..38460,organism=Bacillus sp. GO-13,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvadgmisinegratkeitvkntgtrsiqvgshfhfaeanralafdraaalgmrldipsgtsirlepgeektvslvelggrrtvrglngmsetlldergkekalnqlkeagwiegvkr
>Geitlerinema_sp._PCC_7407  coded_by=3308427..3308801,organism=Geitlerinema sp. PCC 7407,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgellvdagdielnagrptvtltvantgdrpiqvgshfhffevnsalrfdralargfrldipagtavrfepgdekqvtlvalagsrevyglngqingpldtapdeqdtgkgakakghkkkkk
>Tissierellia_bacterium_S7-1-4  coded_by=complement(13705..14085),organism=Tissierellia bacterium S7-1-4,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifykdediilnegseaieievtnigdravqigshfhffevnrylkfdhkkafgkrlnipagnairfepgqthrvelidiggnarvigfnsltngvtqdikkeeamkrviekgyanideeea
>Candidatus_Nitrososphaera_gargensis_Ga9.2  coded_by=465453..465821,organism=Candidatus Nitrososphaera gargensis Ga9.2,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeyvlssdpvlcnsnrktikitvsnkgdrpcqigshthffevnraldfprekafgyrlnipagtsvrfepgdskevelceiggkricfgfngltmgglnssivmraavekarqlgfnga
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=complement(6083536..6084231),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=Urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits
mlltptelerltifnaaelsrrrrgrglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadlishgstilttddvlpgiaammdiiqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpapgsaadperpgeiraqagqlalnagrrsvtltavntgdrpiqigshfhffevnkalefdrasafnmrldipagtavrfepgaskevtlvefgghqqlsglnnltdgtasdpavrsaalarakargfrga
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(32853..33287),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkatsetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(37847..38281),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkatsetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(65241..65675),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkatsetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(60491..60925),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkatsetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(230822..231256),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkatsetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(26957..27391),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkatsetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Helicobacter_acinonychis_str._Sheeba  coded_by=1332632..1333348,organism=Helicobacter acinonychis str. Sheeba,definition=urease alpha subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkergiklnyveavalisahvmeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieskgklvpgelflkneditinegkqaisvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrekafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._primulae  coded_by=complement(33545..34240),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. primulae,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvaellpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplaemptpgeilapegdiqlnggrptatlralntgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprdiafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackrmaldraraqrfkga
>Yersinia_frederiksenii_ATCC_33641  coded_by=complement(24663..25121),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii ATCC 33641,definition=Urease subunit beta
msakkgtstkgistkgttekniplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii_ATCC_33641  coded_by=complement(29038..29496),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii ATCC 33641,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstkgistkgttekniplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Streptomyces_pluripotens  coded_by=62134..62856,organism=Streptomyces pluripotens,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlveaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgedapgallpasehadprpvlrvqvtntatvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdrpaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgqreevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgaqeealrraaacgylgvthavtnpavpegdeer
>Streptomyces_sp._MUSC_125  coded_by=complement(9253..9975),organism=Streptomyces sp. MUSC 125,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlveaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgedapgallpasehadprpvlrvqvtntatvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdrpaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgqreevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgaqeealrraaacgylgvthavtnpavpegdeer
>Streptomyces_pluripotens  coded_by=complement(9248..9970),organism=Streptomyces pluripotens,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlveaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgedapgallpasehadprpvlrvqvtntatvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdrpaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgqreevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgaqeealrraaacgylgvthavtnpavpegdeer
>Streptomyces_sp._MMG1121  coded_by=117638..118339,organism=Streptomyces sp. MMG1121,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsepiggglgsrapgallpgpehadpepvvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfvreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseqvglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgarrealrraaacgylgatdatpeggeer
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3843  coded_by=complement(57175..57870),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3843,definition=Urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits
mlltptelerltifnaaelsrrrrrrglklnypeavaiiadeilegardgrsvadlisygstilttddvlpgiaammdiiqvectfpdgtklvtvhepirpapgaaadgerpgevnaqagqivlnagrrsvtltaintgdrpiqigshfhffevnkalefdraaafnmrldipagtavrfepgaskevtlvefggsqqltglnnltdgaaahpdvraaalarakargfrga
>Streptomyces_sp._Root1304  coded_by=584735..585574,organism=Streptomyces sp. Root1304,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrarglrlnvpeahaliadtvceaardgrrlveaidlarsvlgphdvlpgvvdivgdiqveavfddatrlavvtdpfrsaeeagtpptpidrachtggsrtggfatalpdgagpgslgdeapgtvlfgeapndpfagadvvsvevrntaevpvsvtshfhffeanprllfdrsaaygrraaipagatvrfdagatvsvglvpiggtriaigfaglvdgpldapgtksealrrahacgyldtgtdvpaepriykegav
>Streptomyces_sp._Root66D1  coded_by=585090..585929,organism=Streptomyces sp. Root66D1,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrarglrlnvpeahaliadtvceaardgrrlveaidlarsvlgphdvlpgvvdivgdiqveavfddatrlavvtdpfrsaeeagtpptpidrachtggsrtggfatalpdgagpgslgdeapgtvlfgeapndpfagadvvsvevrntaevpvsvtshfhffeanprllfdrsaaygrraaipagatvrfdagatvsvglvpiggtriaigfaglvdgpldapgtksealrrahacgyldtgtdvpaepriykegav
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=42068..42433,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkvgeiickggeitinegrrtvnvkvanigdrpiqvgshfhffevnkllsfnrekafgmrlnipsgtsvrfepgeekevslvelggkkqsyglnaltqgeineevlekaleeakkrgfike
>Streptomyces_lividans_TK24  coded_by=complement(2500701..2501384),organism=Streptomyces lividans TK24,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaqaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvadpvgggglgddapgallpghdrpepeaalrlpvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgardealrraaacgylgadr
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6391  coded_by=complement(58647..59330),organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6391,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaqaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvadpvgggglgddapgallpghdrpepeaalrlpvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgardealrraaacgylgadr
>Streptomyces_stelliscabiei  coded_by=2737..3417,organism=Streptomyces stelliscabiei,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeatalvadavceaardglrlaeaverargllgpddvlpgvadivrevhveavfedgsrlavvpdpiggapgdpapgallpgpahadpeavvrltvtntagvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfaraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevgllpvggeriaigfaglvdgeldapgakaealrraaacgylgadr
>Roseobacter_litoralis_Och_149  coded_by=2891387..2892082,organism=Roseobacter litoralis Och 149,definition=urease fused gamma/beta subunit UreAB
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrargrtlnapeaialicddilegardgrrvadlisfgstilstddvmpgvadlmpmiqveavfpdgtklvtvhdpirpgekpvaengpkpgefrvadgeiklnagretvtltvrntgdrpiqigshyhffeankalemdraaafgfrldipagtavrfepgqekevtlctfggekrlsglnnltngvvnetnkaeaikraqaagfkga
>Devosia_sp._DBB001  coded_by=join(49811..50110,50114..50428),organism=Devosia sp. DBB001,definition=Urease gamma subunit
mnltprekdklliamaaivarkrlergvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgravaelmeagahvltrdqvmegvpemirdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhqpirepamipgeiitrpgdivlnadapqitlevanagdrpiqvgshyhfyetnaglrfdrektrgmrldipagtavrfepgqtrevrliplsgarivygfhkkimgkl
>Desulfosporosinus_sp._OT  coded_by=complement(4933..5295),organism=Desulfosporosinus sp. OT,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeyklaqgtieanqglstetitvkntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnrylvfdralvwgmrlnipsgtavrfepgeshtvslvrfsgpgpwfgannltagcqvkttcieqakrqgfikpev
>Odoribacter_sp._CAG:788  coded_by=complement(17996..18505),organism=Odoribacter sp. CAG:788,definition=urease subunit beta
madmskagapkqapitpgftpkqhvgvggeilsadpitynegrytaklvvhntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylefdrgkafgchlnipattavrfepgeekevevvaysgkqyvmgfnglvqgftgdedaptyfpkrilaienaknlgfkiideaaaeadlqkknqkkk
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis_MKD8  coded_by=18144..18845,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis MKD8,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mhltpkdedrlllflaallarkhrdaglaltyaearaliadevieaaragatvaeaaahgaqiltdddvlpgvrtllgsvqveaffedgqklvtvhdaigpgtrtadelavvpgevlaadgeielnagrrattltventgdrpiqvgshfhffetnralrfdraaafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeaqevslttyggervvigqndvtngptaaapsaelmsslraggfldggs
>Pseudomonas_congelans  coded_by=74494..75189,organism=Pseudomonas congelans,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrnkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvvellpvlqvegtfadgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpresafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevhlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqyfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6378  coded_by=22105..22794,organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6378,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaaravlgpddvlpgvsdvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvpdpiggtageaapgallpgdgypeaapevrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakqealrrasacgylgtgpregek
>Archangium_gephyra  coded_by=5963887..5964654,organism=Archangium gephyra,definition=Urease beta subunit
mhlspreldklllhgagflaqkrlarglrlnypesvaliatqllefirdgqsvaelmdlgrkllgrsqvmegvpemvaevqvegtfpdgsklvtvhhpieaehgdlslalygsflpvpplerfqrppqqeevrpgevlvqpgelvlnegrdtltleitnrgdrpvqvgshypffetnralvfdrakaygrrldipagtavrfepgekktvslvaiagarvvwggnalgsgpvtpenqeralaevaargfgheega
>Rhizobiales_bacterium_HL-109  coded_by=17495..18115,organism=Rhizobiales bacterium HL-109,definition=urease subunit gamma / beta UreA-UreB
mqlsprekdkllvsmaamvarrrlergvklnypeaialitdyvvegardgrsvadlmeagahvisadqvmdgiagmihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhdpirgasgalqpgavttpegdielnagretvmlsvsntgdrpiqvgshyhfyetnpglsfarekargmrldipagsavrfepgqtrkvtlipvagdrkiygfrqevmgdl
>Burkholderia_multivorans_CGD1  coded_by=complement(12715..13404),organism=Burkholderia multivorans CGD1,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta (Urea amidohydrolase subunitgamma/beta)
mrlfpreidrlllhqaaslakarktrgllltepearaliadaicegareggtvsdmvalasrqltdddvmpgvaeridvvmveaffpdgqklvcvhdpigpgkhghlqaaseprwrldsapilvnqgrptqrlrvestadrpiqvgshyhffevnpalkfdraaaygfrldiasgttlrfepgdtrdvdlvaiggarvvyglaglvngalddpevrdaamsrltaflqe
>Acidisphaera_rubrifaciens_HS-AP3  coded_by=260..973,organism=Acidisphaera rubrifaciens HS-AP3,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mttpeaamllvptelerltiftaaelarkrrgrglalnypeavalisdellegardgrsvaelmdagaailttddvqsgvaamlpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhdpirpregaaadpvrpgeiipaegeielaagrrraeievtntgdrpvqvgshyhffetnraldfdraaafgmrldipagtatrfepgqtrrvtlvafggtgtvtglnaltegatdaaakpaavaraaaagfrga
>Bergeyella_zoohelcum_ATCC_43767  coded_by=complement(11940..12344),organism=Bergeyella zoohelcum ATCC 43767,definition=urease, beta subunit
mnktnkvgakgaktglipgqiilkkqdiacnigkktvaievknvgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklqfnreeaygmrlnipastavrfepgeskkvnlveiggekivyghnnlvngplseenkaaavakakelgfl
>Sporomusa_ovata_DSM_2662  coded_by=complement(104377..104730),organism=Sporomusa ovata DSM 2662,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgelklanesirancnlvieriaventgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylvfdrtkswglrlnipsgtavrfepgesravelvafsgsgpwfgannltagstdkqqcidrarekgfvk
>Sporomusa_sp._An4  coded_by=complement(104155..104508),organism=Sporomusa sp. An4,definition=Urease beta subunit
mipgelklanesirancnlvieriaventgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylvfdrtkswglrlnipsgtavrfepgesravelvafsgsgpwfgannltagstdkqqcidrarekgfvk
>Helicobacter_felis_ATCC_49179  coded_by=43..756,organism=Helicobacter felis ATCC 49179,definition=urease alpha-6 subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagrlaeealargvklnyteavalisgrvmekardgnksvadlmqegrtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdraksfckrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Streptomyces_variegatus  coded_by=complement(19553..20260),organism=Streptomyces variegatus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfsaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaieraravlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsgpigggsgpdapgallpgpeqpgpgpaerlvvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgqsaevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgvpdpsgrqeakr
>Hymenobacter_swuensis_DY53  coded_by=616954..617652,organism=Hymenobacter swuensis DY53,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mhlspkdldklvlhqagvvaqkryarglalnypeavallatqllefirdgesvaalmdkgkqilglqdvlpgvavlvaevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhhpicretgsaelalygsglvraprpaaappettppapgeyqlaaedvqlnegretltldvlnhgdrpiqvgshypffetnaaldfdraaargfrlnipagtavrfepgerktvtlvalagerivyggnaringkvd
>Deinococcus_gobiensis_I-0  coded_by=complement(842195..842878),organism=Deinococcus gobiensis I-0,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mqltererdklliftaaelarqrrarglklnhpeavalitaevlegiregrsvedlmgwgttiltpddvmdgvpamiydiqvegtfpdgtklvtihdpirgagggvpgeyllgdgeielnaglpvttltvanradrpiqvgshfhffevnaalhfaradaygqrlniaagtavrfepgeerevelvplggertvygmnalvggdldapgareaaleraraagfggae
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=complement(18526..19230),organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=Urease gamma subunit / Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnaskhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdlidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2009-88-3  coded_by=60140..60619,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2009-88-3,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_80/125  coded_by=98613..99092,organism=Brucella ovis 80/125,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_F8/05B  coded_by=147084..147563,organism=Brucella ovis F8/05B,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_63/96  coded_by=210897..211376,organism=Brucella ovis 63/96,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_81/8  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis 81/8,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-1993-758  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-1993-758,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2008-114-542  coded_by=91194..91673,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2008-114-542,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2001-319-4082  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2001-319-4082,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2001-319-5096  coded_by=147531..148010,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2001-319-5096,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2002-82-58  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2002-82-58,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2006-46-332  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2006-46-332,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2010-47-871  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2010-47-871,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2010-47-268  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2010-47-268,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2006-46-348  coded_by=147531..148010,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2006-46-348,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2009-88-4  coded_by=97774..98253,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2009-88-4,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CIP_101113  coded_by=complement(75682..76056),organism=Myroides odoratimimus CIP 101113,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyfikeediicnegreittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevdlvpyagarkiyghndlangetiseeakaiamkkvekqyfknksl
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_12901  coded_by=complement(156186..156560),organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 12901,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyfikeediicnegreittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevdlvpyagarkiyghndlangetiseeakaiamkkvekqyfknksl
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_12700  coded_by=3184..3558,organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 12700,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyfikeediicnegreittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevdlvpyagarkiyghndlangetiseeakaiamkkvekqyfknksl
>Myroides_sp._A21  coded_by=complement(3801389..3801763),organism=Myroides sp. A21,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyfikeediicnegreittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevdlvpyagarkiyghndlangetiseeakaiamkkvekqyfknksl
>Flavobacterium_johnsoniae_UW101  coded_by=complement(5854005..5854373),organism=Flavobacterium johnsoniae UW101,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeyfiskgdiecnvdrkttkikvintgdrpiqvgshchffeinrmmsfdrseafgmrlniaagtavrfepgeekevelvafsgarrafginnivngdttleinkqhslaklktenfknk
>Chryseobacterium_sp._StRB126  coded_by=complement(4199132..4199500),organism=Chryseobacterium sp. StRB126,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegtiicnegretvkikvtntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamsfdrekafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggtkkamgfnnlvdgqvdsedqkkaslakveelnfkny
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf92  coded_by=366352..366972,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf92,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqigshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgpl
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf122  coded_by=478889..479509,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf122,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqigshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgpl
>Helicobacter_pylori_PZ5086  coded_by=4081..4797,organism=Helicobacter pylori PZ5086,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgtksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki828  coded_by=complement(75646..76362),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki828,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgtksddnyvktike
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root172  coded_by=61672..62232,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root172,definition=hypothetical protein
mvepmfpdgqklvcvhdplglpsdaeeeekpgcyrlakegieinvgrattrvvvrnfgdrsiqigshfhffeinpelefdravafgfrnfgdrsiqigshfhffeinpelefdravafgfrldipagttvrfepgdektvdlvaiggerrveglnnltdgdldnpevkrkavtraaaegfrgahhg
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpievngklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgttvrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=27188..27715,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevalipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Gordonia_amarae_NBRC_15530  coded_by=complement(217507..218163),organism=Gordonia amarae NBRC 15530,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mrlspheqerlmvsyaadlarrrkarglklnhpevvaivtehvlegardgrsvaelmtsgrevlsrddvldgipemlhdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhspidpgpgssrvpgeviaedgdielnigadpvrlvvtntgdrpvqvgshvhfpqangalsfdrtaaygrrldipagtavrfepgiemtvtlvplggtrevygisldapgkldgpatgiteei
>Serratia_marcescens  coded_by=complement(1176167..1176619),organism=Serratia marcescens,definition=urease subunit beta
msmkkhdpekhvppggyilsespitfnedresliltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqapiktdee
>Yersinia_similis  coded_by=complement(170959..171435),organism=Yersinia similis,definition=urease subunit beta
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslisfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Helicobacter_salomonis  coded_by=<1..495,organism=Helicobacter salomonis,definition=urease UreA
vahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkdeditinadkeaitlevenkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllnfdrekafgkrldiasgtavrfepgekktvelidiggnkrvygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvpacceatkskq
>Myroides_marinus  coded_by=278..649,organism=Myroides marinus,definition=urease beta subunit
mvpgeyfikqediicnegreittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevdlvpyagerkvyghndltngetiseaakvaamkkvekqyfknrs
>Ruminococcus_bicirculans  coded_by=2077009..2077689,organism=Ruminococcus bicirculans,definition=Urease alpha subunit (helicobacter-like nomenclature)
mrlvpreqdklmlhyagmlardrkaqglklnypeavayismevmekaragasaaelmqygtklltaddvmdgvpemireiqiestmpdgtklvtvhnpikgasklhpgefiveegtvklnegtesieltvsntgdrpiqtgshfhffevnkalefdrkaaygmrldipagtavrfepgekktvrlipiggdrigyglnglvngkmddenikqaafekakklgfkgv
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Rhodococcus_sp._Leaf233  coded_by=111480..112112,organism=Rhodococcus sp. Leaf233,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrlspheqdrllvsyaaelarrrrarglklnhpeaiavitdhllegardgksvaelmasgrevltaddvlsgvpellpevmveatfpdgtklitvhepispergdghlvpgeiftvagdieindgaesitltvvnggdrpvqvgshvhlpqanaalqfdrdraygcrldipagtavrfepgieqtvqlvplggtrevyglsmtppgklds
>Rhodococcus_fascians  coded_by=116471..117103,organism=Rhodococcus fascians,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrlspheqdrllvsyaaelarrrrarglklnhpeaiavitdhllegardgksvaelmasgrevltaddvlsgvpellpevmveatfpdgtklitvhepispergdghlvpgeiftvagdieindgaesitltvvnggdrpvqvgshvhlpqanaalqfdrdraygcrldipagtavrfepgieqtvqlvplggtrevyglsmtppgklds
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf85  coded_by=56030..56725,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf85,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiisdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegapadtlepgailpaegeielaagrprttievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdreaalglrldipagtavrfepgqrktvtlvgfggerrltglndltrgtidtpadraaalarakaggfkga
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf106  coded_by=complement(44331..45026),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf106,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiisdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegapadtlepgailpaegeielaagrprttievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdreaalglrldipagtavrfepgqrktvtlvgfggerrltglndltrgtidtpadraaalarakaggfkga
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Streptomyces_rubellomurinus_subsp._indigoferus  coded_by=complement(511..1221),organism=Streptomyces rubellomurinus subsp. indigoferus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnipeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvltaddvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfddgtrlavvndpfrgagslgdgapggaligdgagydpveetlllpvhntsgvpisvtshfhffeanprlafdraaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgatvevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakeaalakaratgyltsfddaevps
>Streptomyces_rubellomurinus  coded_by=complement(511..1221),organism=Streptomyces rubellomurinus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnipeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvltaddvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfddgtrlavvndpfrgagslgdgapggaligdgagydpveetlllpvhntsgvpisvtshfhffeanprlafdraaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgatvevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakeaalakaratgyltsfddaevps
>Streptomyces_albulus_PD-1  coded_by=10374..11081,organism=Streptomyces albulus PD-1,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigaepaaptddaaplapgavlpgpadpeaepavvisvrntavvpisvtshfhffeanprlefdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdpggaaevglvpigggrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakrealrravacgylgaeeqa
>Streptomyces_albulus_CCRC_11814  coded_by=76326..77033,organism=Streptomyces albulus CCRC 11814,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigaepaaptddaaplapgavlpgpadpeaepavvisvrntavvpisvtshfhffeanprlefdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdpggaaevglvpigggrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakrealrravacgylgaeeqa
>Streptomyces_albulus  coded_by=6457671..6458378,organism=Streptomyces albulus,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigaepaaptddaaplapgavlpgpadpeaepavvisvrntavvpisvtshfhffeanprlefdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdpggaaevglvpigggrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakrealrravacgylgaeeqa
>Streptomyces_albulus_ZPM  coded_by=6808245..6808952,organism=Streptomyces albulus ZPM,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigaepaaptddaaplapgavlpgpadpeaepavvisvrntavvpisvtshfhffeanprlefdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdpggaaevglvpigggrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakrealrravacgylgaeeqa
>Myxococcus_fulvus_124B02  coded_by=complement(1112969..1113739),organism=Myxococcus fulvus 124B02,definition=urease subunit beta
mhlsprdvdklllhqagflaqkrlargvrlsypeavaliatqllelirdgrsvaelmdlgrkllgrsqvmqgvpemlaevqvegtfpdgsklvtvhypivaehgdlelalygsflpvpprerftastaaddgipgevrvlpgevelnagrdsvllrvthrgdrpiqvgshypffetnralvfdrekayghrldipagtavrfepgetktvslvaiageqvvrggnalgsgkvsaenreramaqvreqgfgheeere
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=complement(37722..38201),organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktntaktsstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=complement(47573..48052),organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktntaktsstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=complement(187000..187479),organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktntaktsstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=complement(37736..38215),organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktntaktsstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=37157..37636,organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktntaktsstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=37214..37693,organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktntaktsstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Streptomyces_ambofaciens_ATCC_23877  coded_by=complement(8255131..8255760),organism=Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mvhvaadvaqrrrerglllnypevmalltahvyeearagatvdsvmesgrhvlqrsevmdgvpemvdnvqveatfpdgtklvtisdpfdeasaevdvhpgkhellpdedehrvvfnegatavplvvrnpkdrpvqvgshfhfaeaneglkfrreaahgmrlnipsgtserfepgdkrtvmlvpiagerivhglqadkseeekhldagqd
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_MADA3021  coded_by=complement(36779..37408),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo MADA3021,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsnevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgektiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_MADA3020  coded_by=complement(36779..37408),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo MADA3020,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsnevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgektiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_MADA3029  coded_by=complement(36779..37408),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo MADA3029,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsnevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgektiygfqgkvmgpv
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmleeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikvgeiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevncflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglrevlgfntlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Pseudobacteroides_cellulosolvens_ATCC_35603_=_DSM_2933  coded_by=5920944..5921315,organism=Pseudobacteroides cellulosolvens ATCC 35603 = DSM 2933,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyfiqnefvtlndgrkissikvsntgdrpvqvgshfhffeinsclqfdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeekevqlveiggtrevyglndltdgmidqgksledklkkakdlgfkgve
>Arcobacter_butzleri_7h1h  coded_by=763845..764522,organism=Arcobacter butzleri 7h1h,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mfltnreqeklliytasklalerknrglklnypeavaiissyiiegardgksvaqlmvdatkilkeddvlegvasmmymvqveatfedgtklvtvhnpilydknklipgeylvdegeielnaskdiitieienkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkelsfervkaygkridipagtsvrfepgskksvnlidfagrrymsgfnglvegflddenvkvkaiqnlskflge
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..480,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
hevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdxq
>Acidocella_aminolytica_101_=_DSM_11237  coded_by=complement(17412..18098),organism=Acidocella aminolytica 101 = DSM 11237,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mnlsptelerliiftaaeharrlkargaklshpeavaliademllaarcgqvydeivnmaaklltpadvepgvptltefvaveasfpegtklvivfrpiadgtedgevpgdiipakgeielnegrerveidvlntgdrdiqvrshahffetnpalqfnrrasfgfrldvasgsgvrfepgisrkvklvamagdriihgqggltrgrlddpeiaaaaleaarargykga
>Streptomyces_antibioticus  coded_by=82516..83238,organism=Streptomyces antibioticus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaveaarsvlgpedvlpgvadivtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigwgspreaggglgadapgallpgpghadpepvvrlrvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgpaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgaapeggeer
>Asanoa_ferruginea  coded_by=35152..35844,organism=Asanoa ferruginea,definition=Urease subunit alpha
myltareqerllvflaaqlarrrrdsglrlnmpearaliadavfegarhgqsvselmsvgrsvlaesdvlegvaelidtlmvepflpdgqklvcvhdpiavdgtaasdafadrwqlaegeiainrdrpnfstlvrshgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrrqafgfrldipagttirfepgdektvdlvaiggrrevhglnrltegwlddpairerafaraaaqgfrgi
>Candidatus_Azobacteroides_pseudotrichonymphae_genomovar._CFP2  coded_by=complement(320650..321402),organism=Candidatus Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae genomovar. CFP2,definition=urease gamma/beta subunit
mrltprdveklmlhiacvvaqkryarglklnypeavallsgqllelirdghnlaeltklgkeilgkgdvlpgvaemliqvqvegtftdgtklvsihhpicyetvssifalygsgliksskrvesdnsmgvipgfietkdepifyntnrrtitlcvtntgtrsiqvgshcsfeetnkallfdrsasigfrlnipagttilfppgetknvelveiagdkqiwggsglvngsfehkqkeitltmkeqgfildt
>Helicobacter_mustelae  coded_by=<1..642,organism=Helicobacter mustelae,definition=urease
lhyagelakkrkergvklnyveavalismeimeharegkktvadlmslgrqvlkaedvmdgvaalvhevqievcfpdgtllvtvhnpienngklhpgefilkdedivlnagkeaievkvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffetnkllefdrekrygrrldiasgtsvrfepgesktvrliqfggnqrifgfndlnngqvnednkrkalaaakakgfik
>Pelagibaca_bermudensis_HTCC2601  coded_by=complement(64656..65330),organism=Pelagibaca bermudensis HTCC2601,definition=Urease, beta subunit:Urease, gamma subunit
mhltptelerltiftaaelarrylsmgirlahpeavaliadelltvarqglthsqivshaatvlsadqvepgvahllrtfsvevsmaegtklitvfdpiapegdeivpgevipaqgeielnagrerrtisvlntgdrtiqirshahffevnkalsfdreaafgmrldrpsgggerfdpgiekevvlvpfggkrvvhgfagltegpvegglgaamtrakakgysa
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=379..813,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=UreB
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(23067..23501),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=55542..55976,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=55696..56130,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=complement(121982..122416),organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=complement(249123..249557),organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=56521..56955,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstknnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Odoribacter_splanchnicus_CAG:14  coded_by=7072..7581,organism=Odoribacter splanchnicus CAG:14,definition=urease subunit beta
madmnkagtpkqapivpgftpkqhvgvggeilsaepieynegrytakivvhntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylefdrakafgchlnipattairfepgdekevevvaysgkqyvmgfnglvqgftgdedaptyypkriqaignaknlgfkiideasaeadlqkknqktk
>Odoribacter_splanchnicus_DSM_220712  coded_by=complement(1465913..1466422),organism=Odoribacter splanchnicus DSM 220712,definition=Urease subunit beta
madmnkagtpkqapivpgftpkqhvgvggeilsaepieynegrytakivvhntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylefdrakafgchlnipattairfepgdekevevvaysgkqyvmgfnglvqgftgdedaptyypkriqaignaknlgfkiideasaeadlqkknqktk
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgsksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease A subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavrlisahimeearrgkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=64..780,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=H.pylori urease gene
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavrlisahimeearrgkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvppvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=57..773,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Helicobacter pylori hpuA and hpuB genes for urease large and small structural subunits (EC 3.5.1.5)
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavrlisahimeearrgkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvppvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_suis  coded_by=<1..503,organism=Helicobacter suis,definition=UreA
lpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvcgnkriyrfnalvdrqadhdgkklglkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Asanoa_ferruginea  coded_by=complement(4416..5111),organism=Asanoa ferruginea,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrargrklnypeavalitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilstedvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepiraregapadtlepgailpadgaielaagrprvtldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdraaalgyrldipagtairfepgqrktvtlvgfggareltglndltqgtlpddaaraaalarakargfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._MMG1533  coded_by=complement(80046..80723),organism=Streptomyces sp. MMG1533,definition=hypothetical protein
mhftpheqerllvhvaagvarqrreqgiklnypeavalltayvydqarigrsvgeimdsgrgvltrgevmagvpemidnvqvettfpdgtklvtihdpfdapreeielhpgkvdfvdeavplnpgldvteievhnptdrpvqvgshyhfyeanaglefdrsraygkrlnvaagtserfepgdrrtvqlvriegerkvlglrglvggvlqdqapddsdgegaddre
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=226493..227197,organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=Urease beta subunit / Urease gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagndklspgevilkneditlnagkhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Streptomyces_incarnatus  coded_by=complement(2646962..2647663),organism=Streptomyces incarnatus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgqdapgallpgpqhadpepavrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfarhraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgtttkdggeer
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum_TrigoCor1448  coded_by=complement(3531708..3532082),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum TrigoCor1448,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqigshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_subsp._plantarum  coded_by=complement(48622..48996),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subsp. plantarum,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqigshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=complement(423848..424222),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqigshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Hoeflea_phototrophica_DFL-43  coded_by=344808..345503,organism=Hoeflea phototrophica DFL-43,definition=urease, beta subunit/urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltifsaaelarkrrargrrlnapeaiaiicdeilegardgqsvaelislgstilnqddvmpgiadlvpmiqveatfpdgtklvtvhdpirpgkmapdeslgvighiraaegtielnagrektavhvvntadrpvqigshfhffevnkalefdraqtfgfrldipagtavrfepgqsrevalvrfggarkvgglnsltngettedakpaalekarasgfkga
>Nitrospira_lenta  coded_by=1..471,organism=Nitrospira lenta,definition=urease beta subunit
mkksstvkkkpakraaavkvvkkvslqpaavipgevilgegdiialngrplveltvantgdrpiqvgshchffeanralrfdrekaygfrlqvpagtavrfepgedkrvtlvafggnrvvyginglvngrlddpnvkqqaiarakesgfigkgtgl
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._BAB-1  coded_by=complement(3570136..3570510),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. BAB-1,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiavgtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_XF-1  coded_by=complement(3607246..3607620),organism=Bacillus subtilis XF-1,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiavgtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_HJ5  coded_by=complement(3559069..3559443),organism=Bacillus subtilis HJ5,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiavgtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(3592318..3592692),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiavgtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Streptomyces_rapamycinicus_NRRL_5491  coded_by=12566782..12567624,organism=Streptomyces rapamycinicus NRRL 5491,definition=hypothetical protein
mtphererllihvaadvaqrrrerglrlnypevmalltehvfeaardgrtvsdimdsgrrlftrdevmdgvpemiknvqveatfpdgtklvtihdpipegaeesevypgkvehpqpprrpgspvdcgdssvgrdeiddavsrydaiyfnvhldgdtqgvslqsdatslpgpgrtkikvknesdrpiqvashyhfaevnpglkvvsiqvpagqtvpddrslwnceaakgrrlniaagtsvrfepgdeccvelvqiqgdvtaggsntsdltkiqglregivr
>Helicobacter_pylori_Shi169  coded_by=complement(65832..66548),organism=Helicobacter pylori Shi169,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieasgklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Niastella_koreensis_GR20-10  coded_by=complement(541832..542203),organism=Niastella koreensis GR20-10,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyilqpgdiianagrtttslvvvntgdrpvqigshfhffevnrqlqfnresaygmrlnipsgtavrfepgeekevqlvafggtrqvfgfnnlvnggvteankeqalqnaltgqfknqst
>Actinobacteria_bacterium_OV450  coded_by=complement(16931..17755),organism=Actinobacteria bacterium OV450,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mrltpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadavceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvaapirgaallgddapgavvpgpgapqpepalhlhvrntapvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgeaevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakslalaraaacgylgaeahqdtdgghaagadtggadtargdaaaapgaaatpdtdsphaggtca
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf86  coded_by=complement(50650..51345),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf86,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegapadtlepgailpaegeielsagrprttievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdreaalglrldipagtavrfepgqrktvtlvgfggerrltglndltqgtidtpadraaalarakaggfkga
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf91  coded_by=70957..71652,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf91,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegapadtlepgailpaegeielsagrprttievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdreaalglrldipagtavrfepgqrktvtlvgfggerrltglndltqgtidtpadraaalarakaggfkga
>Actinobacteria_bacterium_OV320  coded_by=complement(246478..247203),organism=Actinobacteria bacterium OV320,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mllkeresnvrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvgdpiaggtlgdrapgallpgpehaepeaavrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfvrekaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesgevglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgaeagganr
>Elizabethkingia_sp._BM10  coded_by=complement(1979371..1979739),organism=Elizabethkingia sp. BM10,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mipgeifvkegtiicnegretvkikvintgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkamsfdrekafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggnkkaigfnnlvdgsvdsaaqkeeslakanqlnfknl
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._papulans  coded_by=83175..83870,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. papulans,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngerptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprecafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqlfkga
>Lachnospiraceae_bacterium_3_1_57FAA_CT1  coded_by=complement(327523..327903),organism=Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3_1_57FAA_CT1,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkpgamviadreivlnegkenrellvanvgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrlltfdrepafgfrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvrlvelggrkivygcndltrgeavpdnreaamekaaekgmlspkggvl
>Natrialba_taiwanensis_DSM_12281  coded_by=complement(106740..107129),organism=Natrialba taiwanensis DSM 12281,definition=urease subunit beta
mtafvpgeilpadepvlindgrptatvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffevnpglafdretaygmrldipagtairfepgcerdvdlvdigggrivrgmgglvdgelddedvkatalerarkrgylsvkdtp
>Helicobacter_pylori_F57  coded_by=complement(86300..87016),organism=Helicobacter pylori F57,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpiesngklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Haloterrigena_turkmenica_DSM_5511  coded_by=complement(1618335..1618763),organism=Haloterrigena turkmenica DSM 5511,definition=urease, beta subunit
msgfvpgelrpaeepvrinegretgtvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffevnpgltfdretaygmrldipagtairfepgcerevdlvaiggdrivhgmgglvggdlddeaiearaikrarergyitestteeapvtddategde
>Helicobacter_mustelae_12198  coded_by=complement(1414946..1415623),organism=Helicobacter mustelae 12198,definition=putative fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkeeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaqlmeecvhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveanfpdgtklvtvnwpiepddfkageikfasdkdielnagkeitelkvtnkgpkslhvgshfhffeanralefdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagetktvhlipiggskkiigmngllngiaddlhkqkalekakhhgfik
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_B-1140  coded_by=complement(216318..217022),organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL B-1140,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaveaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsgpigggsgpdapgallpgperperepaerltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgvpgtadqeavr
>Streptomyces_caelestis  coded_by=104968..105672,organism=Streptomyces caelestis,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpaeqgrlllytatllarerhqrgvklnvpeataliahaaceaardggrledavaagraaltaadvlpevpgilteiqveavfpdgsklivithplgppanpahapgavlpadhpppeladimrievtntagvpvtvtshfhffeanralafdrraaygrhlalpvgtstrfepgttqqvaltpiggarivigfaglvdgpldapgaretaltrahvagyldtgpttdqegdl
>Halobacterium_sp._DL1  coded_by=complement(302752..303165),organism=Halobacterium sp. DL1,definition=Urease subunit beta
maedlvpgellagegsvtlnegretvdvtvantgdrpvqvgshfhffeanaalafdreaafgtrlnvpagtavrfepgdeqrvelvdiggnrrahgmnglvngsvdgdpgealerlreagfadtgaeqagegggkae
>Halobacterium_sp._DL1  coded_by=208475..208888,organism=Halobacterium sp. DL1,definition=urease subunit beta
maedlvpgellagegsvtlnegretvdvtvantgdrpvqvgshfhffeanaalafdreaafgtrlnvpagtavrfepgdeqrvelvdiggnrrahgmnglvngsvdgdpgealerlreagfadtgaeqagegggkae
>Chryseobacterium_sp._ERMR1:04  coded_by=57041..57409,organism=Chryseobacterium sp. ERMR1:04,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegiiicnegratvtikvintgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamsfdrekafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggnkkavgfnnlvdgsvdsdtqkeesvakanqlnyknl
>Flavobacterium_sp._Leaf82  coded_by=complement(175921..176295),organism=Flavobacterium sp. Leaf82,definition=hypothetical protein
mipgetfikegdiilnegrettsiqvvntgdrpiqigshfhffeinkamefdrekafcmrlnipagtavrfepgehkevnlvkiggnrkiiglnnlvngdgnsshnkemalqlvdklnfknisk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..543,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
mqegrtwlkkenvmigvasiihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrsllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Mycobacterium_vulneris  coded_by=complement(1340206..1340919),organism=Mycobacterium vulneris,definition=urease subunit beta/urease subunit gamma
mhltpkdedrlllflaaqlarkhraaglaltyaearaliadevaeaarsgatvadaaahgaqvltdddvlpgvrtllgsvqveaffedgqklvtvhdaigpgtrsaaelavvpgelltsegdlelnagrttttvtventgdrpiqvgshfhffetnralrfdraatyglrldipsgtavrfepgeaqvvsltsyggqrivigqndvtngrtdtapsrelmtamrtsgfldtavdeev
>Streptomyces_viridochromogenes_Tue57  coded_by=complement(32368..33072),organism=Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tue57,definition=putative Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaverarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigqglgdrapgallpgpehaepeavvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfvreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgaldapgareealrraaacgylgvpetpeqever
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD719  coded_by=7577..8293,organism=Helicobacter pylori FD719,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpievngklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgvksddhyvktike
>Streptomyces_chattanoogensis  coded_by=657658..658362,organism=Streptomyces chattanoogensis,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfnaaqlarsrrsrglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieagrsvlgpddvlpgvaevigdvmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigvadhpataaaaaapgavlpgpadpepvpavtltvhntasvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagsserfdpggthevglvpigggriaigfaglvdgpldapgaktealrraaacgylgaeeqa
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DSM_13060  coded_by=complement(9281..9976),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DSM 13060,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrtvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailptegeielgagrprvtievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakacgfkga
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_AM1  coded_by=1011761..1012456,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens AM1,definition=urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits (urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunits)
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrtvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailptegeielgagrprvtievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakacgfkga
>Streptomyces_afghaniensis_772  coded_by=complement(17399..18103),organism=Streptomyces afghaniensis 772,definition=putative Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgqrlaeaveaarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpigaglgdrapgallpgpehaepeavvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhlfeanprlafdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgvpetpdqever
>Sedimenticola_sp._SIP-G1  coded_by=complement(82646..83281),organism=Sedimenticola sp. SIP-G1,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdklllftagllaerrmakglklnypeatayisaailegaregksvaelmdygrtlltgddvmdgvaemihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepilpsasapaggpipgeviaasgertlnagretvtlsvantgdrpiqvgshyhfaetnpalqfdrdqamgfrldiaagtavrfepgqtrevtlvayagerkvfgfngevmgdld
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(1725832..1726326),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtksiagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._enterocolitica_WA-314  coded_by=complement(20722..21216),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. enterocolitica WA-314,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtksiagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(20795..21289),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtksiagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=363964..364458,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtksiagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Arcobacter_nitrofigilis_DSM_7299  coded_by=1056601..1057281,organism=Arcobacter nitrofigilis DSM 7299,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mfltnreqerlmiytasklalerkekglrlnypeavailssyilegaregktvaqlmvdatkvlgeddvmdgiasmmhmvqieatfddgtklvtvhnpittskkakiepgeyfvnegeitlnenkelttievenrgdrpvqigshyhffevnkelafdraqaygkrldvpagtsvrfepgstkeinliefsgkrymsgfnglvegflddvptkenamknlekflgv
>Edwardsiella_ictaluri_93-146  coded_by=complement(1984163..1984579),organism=Edwardsiella ictaluri 93-146,definition=urease, beta subunit, putative
mtnaknskakvkesnvpvgglllknedisfnedkpvvkvrvrntgdravqvgshfhffeanralefdrsaaygmrlnimattairfepgdeievslipfggkrllygfnnlldgwamsnygkeavvekaiksgfkfsk
>Edwardsiella_ictaluri  coded_by=complement(5352..5768),organism=Edwardsiella ictaluri,definition=urease subunit beta
mtnaknskakvkesnvpvgglllknedisfnedkpvvkvrvrntgdravqvgshfhffeanralefdrsaaygmrlnimattairfepgdeievslipfggkrllygfnnlldgwamsnygkeavvekaiksgfkfsk
>Edwardsiella_ictaluri  coded_by=complement(5429..5845),organism=Edwardsiella ictaluri,definition=urease subunit beta
mtnaknskakvkesnvpvgglllknedisfnedkpvvkvrvrntgdravqvgshfhffeanralefdrsaaygmrlnimattairfepgdeievslipfggkrllygfnnlldgwamsnygkeavvekaiksgfkfsk
>Haloarcula_sp._SL3  coded_by=complement(718482..718883),organism=Haloarcula sp. SL3,definition=Urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgeeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsdavewmraagfrdtgadneegae
>Helicobacter_bizzozeronii  coded_by=2341..3045,organism=Helicobacter bizzozeronii,definition=urease A
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkangvklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedgghklapgevilkneditlnagkqattlevhnkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllefdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgekktveliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadtdgkklalkrakehgfgvvncgcdkk
>Helicobacter_bizzozeronii_CIII-1  coded_by=966610..967314,organism=Helicobacter bizzozeronii CIII-1,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkangvklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedgghklapgevilkneditlnagkqattlevhnkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllefdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgekktveliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadtdgkklalkrakehgfgvvncgcdkk
>Streptomyces_pratensis_ATCC_33331  coded_by=5598309..5598782,organism=Streptomyces pratensis ATCC 33331,definition=urease, beta subunit
mtfrqkyvygeepieinagrrttrltventgdraiqvgshyhffevnsalsfdrqkalgmhlnipagtsvrvepggtrevelceyagtgrlvgfsgllngslvshparveavrraiergfagaeestagrptaggsggtstdkprkqkdtkqkkgsr
>Indibacter_alkaliphilus_LW1  coded_by=complement(95121..95507),organism=Indibacter alkaliphilus LW1,definition=Urease beta subunit
mipgeyilrkeeikanvgrntvrvevsntgdrpiqvgshyhffetnkalefdreasigmrlnipastavrfepgekktvilvefggdkkitgfnnllegnasnentrtkaldkaqkegfkstpkqqkp
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=382..876,organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=UreB
mstktnttkastakatstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=28609..29103,organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnttkastakatstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=complement(486832..487326),organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnttkastakatstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=complement(1681535..1682029),organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease, beta subunit
mstktnttkastakatstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii_Y225  coded_by=101904..102398,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii Y225,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnttkastakatstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=complement(2635025..2635519),organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnttkastakatstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Chryseobacterium_gallinarum  coded_by=complement(236464..236832),organism=Chryseobacterium gallinarum,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegtiicndgretvkikvtntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkamsfdrgkafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggtkkamgfnnlvdgqvdsedqkkislakvqelnfknq
>Yersinia_pekkanenii  coded_by=complement(297252..297686),organism=Yersinia pekkanenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvnvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevllipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwagegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pekkanenii  coded_by=27478..27912,organism=Yersinia pekkanenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvnvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevllipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwagegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Mycobacterium_obuense  coded_by=28939..29646,organism=Mycobacterium obuense,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpkdedrlllfvaaelarkhrsaglllsyaearaliadevveaaragasvaeaaahgaavltdddvmsgvptllgsvqveaffadgqklvtvhdaigpghrspsevgvipgeilpcagelelnagrsgitlvvgntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnralrfdraaafgmrldipsgtavrfepgedqevslttyggervvigqndvtnaptaeapaadlmvrmrdlgfldasrev
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf121  coded_by=complement(136493..137071),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf121,definition=Urease subunit alpha
maaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgal
>Halostagnicola_larsenii_XH-48  coded_by=1105830..1106228,organism=Halostagnicola larsenii XH-48,definition=urease subunit beta
msefvpgelktaeepvvinegrettavtventgdrpvqvgshfhffeanpglsfdrteaygfrlnipagtairfepgcerevdlvaiggdrivhgmgglvngplddedvreraleraasygyqgvdlpeddr
>Actinobacteria_bacterium_OK006  coded_by=complement(7521..8285),organism=Actinobacteria bacterium OK006,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaiaaaravlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdplggglgerapgallpgpahaepaavvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffetnprldfpraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevgllpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgagdagdaggaggagdggdsgetgeiqgaepr
>Pseudomonas_sp._DSM_28141  coded_by=complement(13289..13804),organism=Pseudomonas sp. DSM 28141,definition=urease subunit beta
mtrkktaapasphqdthpehsipnakdpggvpkgeeddvplggivyastpitfnedrpvtqikvrntgdrpiqigshyhffevnralefdraaafgkrlnitsttairfepgdeievslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwapdntialheraeklqaiqlatelgfkfsktdp
>Pseudomonas_deceptionensis  coded_by=complement(367443..367976),organism=Pseudomonas deceptionensis,definition=urease subunit beta
mstkettketsgphqdthpnhsiphaknpggvhkgneadvplggtiyastpitfnenrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdeievplvpfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdkltsnherpeklqaiqrardhgfkfsepskpvndk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=211..915,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnagkhavqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvelidiggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakekhfgtincgcdnk
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_S-495  coded_by=complement(31204..31914),organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-495,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnipeataliadavceaardgrrlaeaveagrsvltaadvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfddgtrlavvddpfrgagslgedapggalpgdgagydpveetvvlpvhntsgvpisvtshfhffeanprlafdraaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgstvevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakesalakaratgyltgfddaeves
>Natrialba_aegyptia_DSM_13077  coded_by=complement(100893..101282),organism=Natrialba aegyptia DSM 13077,definition=urease subunit beta
mseftpgellpaddpvtinegrptatvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffevnpglafdretaygmrldipagtairfepgcerdvdlvdiggdrivrgmgglvdgelddedvketalerarkrgylsvkdtp
>Rhodococcus_sp._Leaf278  coded_by=complement(45042..45674),organism=Rhodococcus sp. Leaf278,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrlspheqdrllvsyaaelarrrrarglklnhpeaiamitdhllegardgrtvadlmssgrevlsaddvlggvpellpevmveatfpdgtklitvhepispkrgdghlipgeiitvagdieinegaevitmtvvnggdrpvqvgshvhfpqsnaalqfdregahghrldipagtavrfepgieqtvrlvplggtrevhglsmtppgklds
>Helicobacter_pylori_R037c  coded_by=complement(286852..287568),organism=Helicobacter pylori R037c,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldvasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Deinococcus_sp._UR1  coded_by=14333..15019,organism=Deinococcus sp. UR1,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mqltererdkllifaaaqvaqarrarglklnhpeavalitaavlegirdgrrvedlmswgatiltpddvmdgipelihdiqvegtfpdgtklvtihdpirgghsavvpgeylledghielnagrtvtpltvanradrpiqigshfhffevnaglhfdreaaygqrlnipagtavrfepgeerdielvplggtrevygmnalvsgeldgngmrdaalkrareqgfggee
>Streptomyces_chattanoogensis  coded_by=27729..28409,organism=Streptomyces chattanoogensis,definition=hypothetical protein
mihvaadvaekrrargirlnypetvalltvhvlegaregrtvadlmssgrkllareevmagvpemiknvqveatfpdgtklvtvhdpfpeadeegagpvspgkvvfssekddefvrfnegrdvtrlkvknptdrpvqvgshyhfaeanaglkfnrreawgkrlnvpagssvrfepnieewvdlvpiegrrvvhglrgktdglpekidgsldntdgefdedweeldd
>Arcobacter_butzleri_RM4018  coded_by=814709..815386,organism=Arcobacter butzleri RM4018,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mfltnreqeklliytasklalerknrglklnypeavaiissyiiegardgksvaqlmvdatkvlkeddvldgvasmmymvqveatfedgtklvtvhnpipydknilipgeylvdegeielnaskdiitieienkgdrpvqvgshyhffevnkelsfervkaygkridipagtsvrfepgskksvnlidfsgrryvsgfnglvegflddenvkakamqnlskflge
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root695  coded_by=188055..188756,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root695,definition=hypothetical protein
myltnresdrllifaaagmarrrlaegirlnlpearaviadaihegarrgssvselmalgrtvlqpkdvqpgvvpllemlmvepmfpdgqklvcvhdpiglpqdseeedkpggyrlakegieinvgrattrvvvrnfgdrpiqigshfhffevnpelefdravafgfrldipagttvrfepgdektvdlvaiggerrveglnnltdgdldnpevkrravaraaaegfrganhg
>Natronococcus_amylolyticus_DSM_10524  coded_by=complement(149202..149615),organism=Natronococcus amylolyticus DSM 10524,definition=urease subunit beta
msgivpgellpaddpvqinegretttvtaentgdrpvqvgshfhffevnpglrfdrersygfrlnvpagtavrfepgqerevelvaiggdrivrgmsglvdgplddedvreralerarergflgidaedsaagndep
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19095  coded_by=complement(20120..20815),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19095,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaelisfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_18883  coded_by=complement(45819..46514),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 18883,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaelisfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19098  coded_by=complement(43484..44179),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19098,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaelisfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19099  coded_by=complement(21550..22245),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19099,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaelisfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19094  coded_by=5705..6400,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19094,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaelisfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19100  coded_by=complement(3241..3936),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19100,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaelisfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Lysinibacillus_sp._ZYM-1  coded_by=complement(13339..13707),organism=Lysinibacillus sp. ZYM-1,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkngvieinvgrvtkkalvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnmltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Natronorubrum_bangense_JCM_10635  coded_by=complement(6735..7115),organism=Natronorubrum bangense JCM 10635,definition=urease subunit beta
msefvpgelrpaedpvrinegrematvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffevnpgltfdretaygmrldvpagtamrfepgcerdvdlvaiggnrivhgmgglvggdlddeirtqaierarargymeaeq
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._spizizenii_TU-B-10  coded_by=complement(3751267..3751641),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii TU-B-10,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevavkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Jeotgalibacillus_marinus  coded_by=complement(164802..165176),organism=Jeotgalibacillus marinus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevavkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=25777..26151,organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevavkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_cereus  coded_by=37558..37932,organism=Bacillus cereus,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevavkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Helicobacter_pylori_G27  coded_by=complement(78184..78903),organism=Helicobacter pylori G27,definition=urease A
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktiken
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._BSP1  coded_by=438057..438431,organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. BSP1,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_sp._CMAA_1185  coded_by=complement(593411..593785),organism=Bacillus sp. CMAA 1185,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._OH_131.1  coded_by=complement(3589884..3590258),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. OH 131.1,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(595870..596244),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Starkeya_novella_DSM_506  coded_by=1453513..1454133,organism=Starkeya novella DSM 506,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mnlsprekdkllvamaamvarrrlergvklnypeavalitdvvvegardgrtvaelmtlgttvlspeqvmpgvaemvveiqveatfpdgtklvtvhepiasahhegapgeilheegeiellagrefvsltvantgdrpiqvgshyhffetnpalaferdkargmrlaipsgtavrfepgqsrevklvalagkrevygfrqdvmgkl
>Cystobacter_fuscus_DSM_2262  coded_by=1578..2354,organism=Cystobacter fuscus DSM 2262,definition=Urease beta subunit
mhlsprdidklllhgagflaqkrlarglrlnypeavalistqllefirdgkhsveelmdlgrnllgraqvmagvpemiadvqvegtfpdgcklvtvsqpiakhhgdlelalhgsflpvpplslfpdalstvmetpgevivqpgelvlnegrdvieleitntgdrpiqvgshfhfietnrelvfdrrkaygrrlniaagtavrferdevetvqlvkiagaqvirggnalasgplsaqnaerameqvlarnfghkdqeet
>Streptomyces_ambofaciens_ATCC_23877  coded_by=5606544..5607251,organism=Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelarsrrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaverarsvlgaddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpigggalgpagpgallpgpdhtepeaavripvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggrrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakaealrraaacgylgvtrgapegdgr
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._PSR-1  coded_by=complement(11157..11930),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. PSR-1,definition=urease
mhltpreldkltlhqagalaqkrlarglrlnhpeavaliatqllelardgrtvaelmdvgrrllgrrqvlpgvpalvpevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhhpiaaehgdlalalhgsflpvppraafaappgagpeeaepgellpapgvlelnagreaiplrvtnladrpvqvgshyhfaeanrllrfdrgraygrrldlpagmavrfepgetrtvqlveiagervvrggnglapgpvteegrrravdearrrgfaheeer
>Brucella_suis_F5/03-2  coded_by=192478..192957,organism=Brucella suis F5/03-2,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_F4/06-146  coded_by=complement(648258..648737),organism=Brucella suis F4/06-146,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_92/63  coded_by=1275155..1275634,organism=Brucella suis 92/63,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_94/11  coded_by=979839..980318,organism=Brucella suis 94/11,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-5  coded_by=372982..373461,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-5,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-2  coded_by=373115..373594,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-2,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-1  coded_by=791495..791974,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-1,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_F5/05-4  coded_by=372775..373254,organism=Brucella suis F5/05-4,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_F12/02  coded_by=582283..582762,organism=Brucella suis F12/02,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_63/261  coded_by=980029..980508,organism=Brucella suis 63/261,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_F5/05-10  coded_by=268522..269001,organism=Brucella suis F5/05-10,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=1333365..1333844,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Urease beta subunit
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=1333325..1333804,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Urease beta subunit
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_06-988-1656  coded_by=complement(646134..646613),organism=Brucella suis 06-988-1656,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_06-997-1672  coded_by=115211..115690,organism=Brucella suis 06-997-1672,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_06-791-1309  coded_by=complement(81991..82470),organism=Brucella suis 06-791-1309,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_04-0115  coded_by=623739..624218,organism=Brucella suis 04-0115,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_ATCC_23445  coded_by=1337829..1338308,organism=Brucella suis ATCC 23445,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=1333225..1333704,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Urease beta subunit
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=372885..373364,organism=Brucella suis,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptktahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Streptomyces_ambofaciens_ATCC_23877  coded_by=48174..48836,organism=Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877,definition=putative urease beta/gamma subunit
mhltpheqerllvhvaadvaqrrrerglllnypevmalltahvyeearagatvdsvmesgrhvlqrsevmdgvpemvdnvqveatfpdgtklvtisdpfdeasaevdvhpgkhellpdedehrvvfnegatavplvvrnpkdrpvqvgshfhfaeaneglkfrreaahgmrlnipsgtserfepgdkrtvmlvpiagerivhglqadkseeekhldagqd
>Streptomyces_ambofaciens_ATCC_23877  coded_by=48174..48836,organism=Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877,definition=putative urease beta/gamma subunit
mhltpheqerllvhvaadvaqrrrerglllnypevmalltahvyeearagatvdsvmesgrhvlqrsevmdgvpemvdnvqveatfpdgtklvtisdpfdeasaevdvhpgkhellpdedehrvvfnegatavplvvrnpkdrpvqvgshfhfaeaneglkfrreaahgmrlnipsgtserfepgdkrtvmlvpiagerivhglqadkseeekhldagqd
>Streptomyces_ambofaciens_ATCC_23877  coded_by=48174..48836,organism=Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877,definition=putative urease beta/gamma subunit
mhltpheqerllvhvaadvaqrrrerglllnypevmalltahvyeearagatvdsvmesgrhvlqrsevmdgvpemvdnvqveatfpdgtklvtisdpfdeasaevdvhpgkhellpdedehrvvfnegatavplvvrnpkdrpvqvgshfhfaeaneglkfrreaahgmrlnipsgtserfepgdkrtvmlvpiagerivhglqadkseeekhldagqd
>Streptomyces_ambofaciens_ATCC_23877  coded_by=48174..48836,organism=Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877,definition=putative urease beta/gamma subunit
mhltpheqerllvhvaadvaqrrrerglllnypevmalltahvyeearagatvdsvmesgrhvlqrsevmdgvpemvdnvqveatfpdgtklvtisdpfdeasaevdvhpgkhellpdedehrvvfnegatavplvvrnpkdrpvqvgshfhfaeaneglkfrreaahgmrlnipsgtserfepgdkrtvmlvpiagerivhglqadkseeekhldagqd
>Streptomyces_ambofaciens_ATCC_23877  coded_by=48148..48810,organism=Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mhltpheqerllvhvaadvaqrrrerglllnypevmalltahvyeearagatvdsvmesgrhvlqrsevmdgvpemvdnvqveatfpdgtklvtisdpfdeasaevdvhpgkhellpdedehrvvfnegatavplvvrnpkdrpvqvgshfhfaeaneglkfrreaahgmrlnipsgtserfepgdkrtvmlvpiagerivhglqadkseeekhldagqd
>Halorubrum_saccharovorum_DSM_1137  coded_by=complement(122608..122991),organism=Halorubrum saccharovorum DSM 1137,definition=urease subunit beta
msdlvpgellpaddpieinagretasvtventgdrpaqvgshfhffecnkalafdreaaygmrldipagtairfepgceedvdlvayggdrilrgmgglvegdlddeevreaaferareagymgegg
>Lutibaculum_baratangense_AMV1  coded_by=125728..126351,organism=Lutibaculum baratangense AMV1,definition=Urease gamma subunit
mkltprekdkllvamaamvarnrlergvklnypeavalitefvvegardgrpvadlmeagahvlssdqvmagvaemlhdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhmpirgeaaaplrpgeiaavageielnagretvtltvantgdrpvqvgshyhffetndaldfdrekarglrldvpagsavrfepgqerevtlvplagrrrvtgfnqkimgdl
>Alistipes_finegoldii_CAG:68  coded_by=4314..4841,organism=Alistipes finegoldii CAG:68,definition=urease subunit beta
mntknpapaknqaqaaslypnkpgfkpakpvvvggeilmnapieyntgrktvklvvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylefdrdaafgchlnipattairfepgdqkevevvaysgkrrvigfnglvmgytgdedaptyfparmhavrkarhagfknisesdaeaamkksnntkk
>Alistipes_sp._HGB5  coded_by=complement(15007..15534),organism=Alistipes sp. HGB5,definition=urease, beta subunit
mntknpapaknqaqaaslypnkpgfkpakpvvvggeilmnapieyntgrktvklvvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylefdrdaafgchlnipattairfepgdqkevevvaysgkrrvigfnglvmgytgdedaptyfparmhavrkarhagfknisesdaeaamkksnntkk
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._syringae  coded_by=158963..159658,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmpipgeilspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqlfkga
>Streptomyces_rimosus_subsp._rimosus  coded_by=7184..7951,organism=Streptomyces rimosus subsp. rimosus,definition=hypothetical protein
mrphgtevlgrsecrdaavhltpheqerlmlhvaadvaekrrarglrlnypetmalliahvlegardgrtvaelmssgrkllareevmegvpemienvqveatfpdgtklvtihdpfpavgpdeepvvwpgkvdfspregdavvvfnerhrlegrvttltvenptdrpiqvgshyhfaeandglkfrrkkawgrrlnvpagssvrfepgiteevelvpiegervvhglrgrikglpekikgsldhirgsfdqerv
>Providencia_rettgeri_DSM_1131  coded_by=complement(19324..19749),organism=Providencia rettgeri DSM 1131,definition=urease, beta subunit
msnskadikvptplggvifadepiefnvgkpetkikvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnhalefdraaaygkrlniasttairfepgdevevslipyggkqsvygfnnlvdgwagdnvaaterpakaialnkaiargfkhkeq
>Clostridium_sp._CAG:167  coded_by=complement(4378..5058),organism=Clostridium sp. CAG:167,definition=urease gamma subunit
mrltpretdklmlhyagtvakgrlergillsypeaiayismnllelaregksvsqlmqlgkqmlrseqvmdgvaemiheiqlevtfpdgtklvtvhdpipasgalvpgeylieegtirlnegrktvelevtntadrpvqtgshfhffevnkelsfdrekaygmrldipagtavrfepgetkkvtlteiggtregyglsglvngpmddekvkqaafekakelgfkei
>Streptomyces_roseochromogenes_subsp._oscitans_DS_12.976  coded_by=complement(26067..26762),organism=Streptomyces roseochromogenes subsp. oscitans DS 12.976,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgerapgallpgpehadpapavrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakqealrraaacgylgttpeggee
>Stigmatella_aurantiaca_DW4/3-1  coded_by=complement(650115..650888),organism=Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1,definition=Urease
mhlsprdieklmlhqagflaqkrlarglqlnypeavaliatqllefirdgqmsvpelmdlgrkllgraqvmegvpemvsevqvegtfpdgtklvsvphpieleqgdmslalygsflpvlplrwpqerstkearlapgqvlfqsepieinpgreaislkvvnrgdrpiqvgshyhfietnkdlvfdraraygrrldikagtaerfekdqtktvwlvpiagdqvirggnglasgpvtpenlkrameqviargfghqeek
>Streptomyces_sp._XY58  coded_by=complement(16774..17481),organism=Streptomyces sp. XY58,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Streptomyces_sp._IGB124  coded_by=complement(16799..17506),organism=Streptomyces sp. IGB124,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Streptomyces_sp._H021  coded_by=complement(16721..17428),organism=Streptomyces sp. H021,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Streptomyces_sp._XY66  coded_by=complement(16811..17518),organism=Streptomyces sp. XY66,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6373  coded_by=125414..126121,organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6373,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Streptomyces_sp._MMG1064  coded_by=234101..234808,organism=Streptomyces sp. MMG1064,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Streptomyces_sp._XY37  coded_by=complement(16800..17507),organism=Streptomyces sp. XY37,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Streptomyces_sp._XY413  coded_by=complement(16741..17448),organism=Streptomyces sp. XY413,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrdavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvlhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrravacgylgvrtdgrpegtta
>Bacillus_pseudofirmus_OF4  coded_by=complement(293759..294136),organism=Bacillus pseudofirmus OF4,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafkiaegsieinagrdtleltvkntgtrsiqigshfhfaeansalsfdrekaigmrldipsgtairiepeeeqsvtlvsiagyktvyglngmtegsldeggkektlkkltesgwmtkeils
>Streptomyces_purpurogeneiscleroticus  coded_by=255420..256079,organism=Streptomyces purpurogeneiscleroticus,definition=Urease subunit alpha
milapaatttrlpvlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvadlmqagakvltsdqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgtasadvpgavttlpgeivfnadaertvlevanvgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpglvfereqargkrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsggrtvygfrgdvmgkl
>Rhodococcus_erythropolis_PR4  coded_by=331761..332198,organism=Rhodococcus erythropolis PR4,definition=urease beta subunit
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_qingshengii_BKS_20-40  coded_by=complement(283425..283862),organism=Rhodococcus qingshengii BKS 20-40,definition=urease beta subunit
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_erythropolis_CCM2595  coded_by=323942..324379,organism=Rhodococcus erythropolis CCM2595,definition=urease beta subunit
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_sp._P27  coded_by=991..1428,organism=Rhodococcus sp. P27,definition=urease subunit beta
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_erythropolis_DN1  coded_by=98262..98699,organism=Rhodococcus erythropolis DN1,definition=urease subunit beta
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_sp._ADH  coded_by=complement(164877..165314),organism=Rhodococcus sp. ADH,definition=urease subunit beta
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_erythropolis  coded_by=319266..319703,organism=Rhodococcus erythropolis,definition=urease subunit beta
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_erythropolis  coded_by=9767..10204,organism=Rhodococcus erythropolis,definition=urease subunit beta
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_erythropolis  coded_by=19799..20236,organism=Rhodococcus erythropolis,definition=urease subunit beta
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_erythropolis_SK121  coded_by=complement(105216..105653),organism=Rhodococcus erythropolis SK121,definition=urease, beta subunit
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Rhodococcus_qingshengii  coded_by=complement(72669..73106),organism=Rhodococcus qingshengii,definition=urease subunit beta
maskstkkdsggekkvpvggyvlrdepielnegrprlklrvrntgdrpiqvgshyhfmevnralsfdreqsfgwrldipagtavrfepgdekevtlvpfggkqrvqgfnglvdgwapthaayrprlpgavqraeelgflsepqtd
>Candidatus_Nitrososphaera_evergladensis_SR1  coded_by=2413704..2414069,organism=Candidatus Nitrososphaera evergladensis SR1,definition=urease, beta subunit
mpgeyfiisdklvmanpgrrttrvsvsntgsrpvqvgshthffevnkalsfprekaygfhlnipagtslrfepgdtrevelveyggrkivhgfsglvngklsaakkkealakarargfaga
>Morganella_morganii_IS15  coded_by=41766..42188,organism=Morganella morganii IS15,definition=Urease beta subunit
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Morganella_sp._EGD-HP17  coded_by=complement(172943..173365),organism=Morganella sp. EGD-HP17,definition=urease subunit beta
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Morganella_morganii_SC01  coded_by=41640..42062,organism=Morganella morganii SC01,definition=Urease beta subunit
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Morganella_morganii_subsp._morganii_KT  coded_by=42825..43247,organism=Morganella morganii subsp. morganii KT,definition=hypothetical protein
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Morganella_morganii_subsp._morganii_KT  coded_by=909660..910082,organism=Morganella morganii subsp. morganii KT,definition=Urease beta subunit
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Morganella_morganii  coded_by=42331..42753,organism=Morganella morganii,definition=Urease subunit beta
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Morganella_morganii  coded_by=1550152..1550574,organism=Morganella morganii,definition=urease subunit beta
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Morganella_morganii  coded_by=complement(213127..213549),organism=Morganella morganii,definition=urease subunit beta
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=391..858,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=UreB
msakkgtstnrtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Helicobacter_cetorum_MIT_99-5656  coded_by=570284..570967,organism=Helicobacter cetorum MIT 99-5656,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayvsahimdearrgkksvadlmqecmhflkkdevmegvgnmipdlgveacfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdnhkageikfgsdedieinahkqataiklkvknngtkslhvgshfhffeanralefdrekaygrrldipsgntlrigagetkevtlieiggskkiigmnglvnnianerhkstaienakkhgflk
>Zea_mays  coded_by=1..>1155,organism=Zea mays,definition=Sequence 3 from Patent WO2010086220
mrllpreadklalhnagflaqkrlarglrlnyteavaliaaqilelirdgdktvtdlmdlgkqllgrrqvlpavpyllhtvqvegtfvdgtklvtvhdpislddgnlelalhgsflpvpspekfssddveeypgeihysssrivlnlhrralslkvvnkadrpiqigshyhfietnpylvfdrkraygmrlnilagtavrfepgdaksvilvsigghkvikggngiadgpidssslnvvmqkvnansfghedypdaregiigdgsfdctvdhekyasiygpttgdkirlgdtnlyaeiekdfafygdecifgggkvlrdgmgqasgypesfcldtvitnavvidytgiykadigikgglivaigkagnpdvmdgvhnnmivgvnt
>Aminobacter_sp._Root100  coded_by=50248..50943,organism=Aminobacter sp. Root100,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiytaaelarkrrakglllnypeavaiitdeilegaregrsvaemmsigsailtqadvmpgiaamlpmlqveatfrdgtklvtvheplrpaagataddvepgaivaeegdielnagrrkltlkvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfdraaafgmrldiaagtavrfepgqekdvplttfggqqhmsglnglsngsaddaavkaaalenarargfrga
>Brucella_neotomae_5K33  coded_by=complement(470005..470484),organism=Brucella neotomae 5K33,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_neotomae_5K33  coded_by=41883..42362,organism=Brucella neotomae 5K33,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_inopinata_BO1  coded_by=complement(12451..12930),organism=Brucella inopinata BO1,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ceti_B1/94  coded_by=15458..15937,organism=Brucella ceti B1/94,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=1317208..1317687,organism=Brucella canis,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_CNGB_786  coded_by=372136..372615,organism=Brucella suis CNGB 786,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_63/252  coded_by=887056..887535,organism=Brucella suis 63/252,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._UK5/01  coded_by=44469..44948,organism=Brucella sp. UK5/01,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ceti_TE28753-12  coded_by=complement(667954..668433),organism=Brucella ceti TE28753-12,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_92/29  coded_by=372422..372901,organism=Brucella suis 92/29,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._UK38/05  coded_by=44715..45194,organism=Brucella sp. UK38/05,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_F7/05A  coded_by=684440..684919,organism=Brucella canis F7/05A,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_1324  coded_by=1166347..1166826,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 1324,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_1172  coded_by=1283693..1284172,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 1172,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_CNGB_247  coded_by=261916..262395,organism=Brucella suis CNGB 247,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_63/198  coded_by=372831..373310,organism=Brucella suis 63/198,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._UK40/99  coded_by=44469..44948,organism=Brucella sp. UK40/99,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_01-5744  coded_by=266732..267211,organism=Brucella suis 01-5744,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._UK1/97  coded_by=44789..45268,organism=Brucella sp. UK1/97,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._F96/2  coded_by=76189..76668,organism=Brucella sp. F96/2,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._F5/06  coded_by=44847..45326,organism=Brucella sp. F5/06,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._F23/97  coded_by=44789..45268,organism=Brucella sp. F23/97,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._F8/99  coded_by=44469..44948,organism=Brucella sp. F8/99,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._56/94  coded_by=44758..45237,organism=Brucella sp. 56/94,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_513  coded_by=684448..684927,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 513,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_79/122  coded_by=372728..373207,organism=Brucella canis 79/122,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_microti_CCM_4915  coded_by=1324519..1324998,organism=Brucella microti CCM 4915,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=complement(266659..267138),organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_bv._1_str._S2  coded_by=1317336..1317815,organism=Brucella suis bv. 1 str. S2,definition=ureB
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=15511..15990,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=1317343..1317822,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_UK10/02  coded_by=789463..789942,organism=Brucella canis UK10/02,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_pinnipedialis_B2/94  coded_by=1347310..1347789,organism=Brucella pinnipedialis B2/94,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_VBI22  coded_by=1317309..1317788,organism=Brucella suis VBI22,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_96-7258  coded_by=1251617..1252096,organism=Brucella canis 96-7258,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_04-2330-1  coded_by=1166499..1166978,organism=Brucella canis 04-2330-1,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_sp._04-5288  coded_by=115214..115693,organism=Brucella sp. 04-5288,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_ATCC_23365  coded_by=1316202..1316681,organism=Brucella canis ATCC 23365,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_HSK_A52141  coded_by=complement(1843687..1844166),organism=Brucella canis HSK A52141,definition=urease
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=1317357..1317836,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis_str._Oliveri  coded_by=1321232..1321711,organism=Brucella canis str. Oliveri,definition=Brucella canis str. Oliveri chromosome I, genome
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=complement(81803..82282),organism=Brucella canis,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=1317323..1317802,organism=Brucella suis,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=425280..425759,organism=Brucella suis,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=1430431..1430910,organism=Brucella canis,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_pinnipedialis  coded_by=complement(24701..25180),organism=Brucella pinnipedialis,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis_bv._3_str._686  coded_by=complement(1001541..1002020),organism=Brucella suis bv. 3 str. 686,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=604898..605377,organism=Brucella suis,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=1890699..1891178,organism=Brucella suis,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=1291652..1292131,organism=Brucella suis,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=1335194..1335673,organism=Brucella suis,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_ceti_TE10759-12  coded_by=complement(668703..669182),organism=Brucella ceti TE10759-12,definition=urease subunit beta
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Yersinia_bercovieri  coded_by=379..813,organism=Yersinia bercovieri,definition=UreB
msakkgtktsteentplggciladipitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevqlipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=18971..19405,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtktsteentplggciladipitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevqlipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Natronococcus_occultus_SP4  coded_by=complement(1447765..1448178),organism=Natronococcus occultus SP4,definition=urease, beta subunit
msgivpgellpaddpvrinegrettavtventgdrpvqvgshfhffevnpglrfdreraygfrlnvpagtavrfepgqqravelvaiggdrivhgmsglvegplddedvreralerarergflgidtedptaggdep
>Streptomyces_sp._AS58  coded_by=94788..95465,organism=Streptomyces sp. AS58,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllfsaaelarsrrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaidrarsvlgpddvlpgvadivtevhveavfddgsrlavvadpiggpglgargpgallpgpahaepepeirltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrpaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesvevgllpiggdriaigfaglvdgaldapgareealrraaacgylgver
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_PA1  coded_by=1319743..1320438,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens PA1,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrtvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvsldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqskldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf119  coded_by=complement(208924..209619),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf119,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrtvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvsldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqskldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Candidatus_Poribacteria_sp._WGA-A3  coded_by=complement(14522..15043),organism=Candidatus Poribacteria sp. WGA-A3,definition=Urease, beta subunit:Urease, gamma subunit
makkqpspkpsskkpqqsrtrdttestrvakprtpkqqgvpgaeqapvipgevllgtddivafagrrtltltvtnhgdrpiqvgshchffevnralrfsrerafgfrlkipagtavrfepgeekhvslvafggnriaygingltngalddarvkaqalkravelgfadeedas
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..531,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
grnllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Brucella_sp._NF_2653  coded_by=97186..97665,organism=Brucella sp. NF 2653,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksgdkdak
>Brucella_sp._BO2  coded_by=complement(12462..12941),organism=Brucella sp. BO2,definition=urease, beta subunit
makeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksgdkdak
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_F-5755  coded_by=complement(2669..3436),organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-5755,definition=hypothetical protein
mrphgtevlgrsecrdaavhltpheqerlmlhvaadvaekrrarglrlnypetmalliahvlegardgrtvadlmssgrkllareevmegvpemienvqveatfpdgtklvtlhdpfpavgedeapvvwpgkvdfspreddavvvfnerhrledrittltvenptdrpiqvgshyhfaeandglkfrrkkawgkrlnvpagssvrfepgiteevelvpiegervvhglrgrikglpekikgsldhirgsfdqerv
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6368  coded_by=3124..3834,organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6368,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrlaealkrgrgvlgpddvlpgvvdivteiqveavfedgtrlaaisepfgalerddsapgavlpasdtvaapepvvvltvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavaagsssrfdsgatvevglvpiggdriavgfaglvdgpldapgakalalkraaacgylgaaadrkagera
>Streptomyces_leeuwenhoekii  coded_by=complement(2619217..2619921),organism=Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlaivsdpiggglgerapgallpgplhadpepavrltvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfpreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeshevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgvtqvtpegger
>Streptomyces_leeuwenhoekii  coded_by=complement(13472..14176),organism=Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlaivsdpiggglgerapgallpgplhadpepavrltvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfpreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeshevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgvtqvtpegger
>Streptomyces_sp._XY332  coded_by=3982..4707,organism=Streptomyces sp. XY332,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvpapvrgavplgedapgavvpgpgapqpepvlhvhvrntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgeaevglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgtglgdpaddsadgeqa
>Methylobacterium_populi_BJ001  coded_by=complement(3439125..3439745),organism=Methylobacterium populi BJ001,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagatvldasqvmegvaemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttkpgeivfnegaprtvlevantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpglvfdrerargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevtlvplsgtrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._antirrhini  coded_by=complement(831..1526),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. antirrhini,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._apii  coded_by=complement(20297..20992),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. apii,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._eriobotryae  coded_by=267..962,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. eriobotryae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlhtaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_Pon4  coded_by=214293..214922,organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo Pon4,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_AM115  coded_by=84591..85220,organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo AM115,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_SO65  coded_by=91395..92024,organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo SO65,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_FTn2  coded_by=complement(27056..27685),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo FTn2,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregktvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpv
>Helicobacter_felis_ATCC_49179  coded_by=61..741,organism=Helicobacter felis ATCC 49179,definition=UreA2
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaelmeecmhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveatfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdehfkagevkfgcdkdvelnagkevtelevtnegpkslhvgshfhffeankalkfdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagqtrkvqliplggskkvigmnglvnniaderhkhkaldkakshgfik
>Methylobacterium_radiotolerans_JCM_2831  coded_by=3014613..3015233,organism=Methylobacterium radiotolerans JCM 2831,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpesvalitdfvvegardgrtvadlmqagatvltadqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaassdipgavttlpgeivfnpgaertmievanvgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpglvfpreqargkrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsggrtvygfrgdvmgkl
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19096  coded_by=<1..440,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19096,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
gvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintxnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealanicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvryepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Thermobispora_bispora_DSM_43833  coded_by=complement(3066306..3066908),organism=Thermobispora bispora DSM 43833,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mhltpreqerltiftlaelarrrrargrrlnapeaialicdeilelawdgasleevvaaarsvltaddvmegvpalvphvqvealfpngtalvavdqpigppagddpgairtadgeipintgrrririavrnegdrtvyvsshfplsevnaalvfdreaaagmrldipagtalafppgeerlvdlvatapqqsapqestp
>Bifidobacterium_stellenboschense  coded_by=complement(84920..85357),organism=Bifidobacterium stellenboschense,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mpylarqlaedrktrgvklnyveaialisserverahegptvaelmqygrtllksedvmdgvaetlevvevkttfpdgtklmpihnpiesteklvpgeypladgdltinegkdaieldvvnnhrpthpdrsplpllrsqqilkyq
>Natrialba_asiatica_DSM_12278  coded_by=complement(112671..113090),organism=Natrialba asiatica DSM 12278,definition=urease subunit beta
mgtryrsdqrmtafvpgeilpadepllindgrptatvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffevnpglafdretaygmrldipagtairfepgcerdvdlvdiggdrivhgmgglvdgelddedvkatalerarergylsaegrq
>Haloarcula_hispanica_ATCC_33960  coded_by=108..512,organism=Haloarcula hispanica ATCC 33960,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfretgadgdeegae
>Haloarcula_hispanica_N601  coded_by=complement(87064..87468),organism=Haloarcula hispanica N601,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfretgadgdeegae
>Haloarcula_hispanica_ATCC_33960  coded_by=complement(87064..87468),organism=Haloarcula hispanica ATCC 33960,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfretgadgdeegae
>Streptomyces_sp._XY511  coded_by=2907..>3548,organism=Streptomyces sp. XY511,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararrtrgvklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieeallgpddvlpgvadivtevmveavfedgsrlaavgdpfgahsrhdgapgavlpgsdtvealapalvlsvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealr
>Streptomycetaceae_bacterium_MP113-05  coded_by=complement(4678..5256),organism=Streptomycetaceae bacterium MP113-05,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpreqerlllfsaaelarrrlargaplgageavalvcdeimewawdgvpltevvaraadvvprdrllpgvpeavpslqvealfphgttlvhvtepfgpasgtgpggvltaggdtelapgrprrdltivntgprpvwlsshfpleeantalefdrgsarghrldvpagtsvefgpgtstsvtvvarggdr
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkdkgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpndvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Haloarcula_japonica  coded_by=762..1178,organism=Haloarcula japonica,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdelvpgevipgegtvtlnedrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalsfdreaaigmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsnavermraagfgdtgevapddgdtesdq
>Haloarcula_japonica_DSM_6131  coded_by=212606..213022,organism=Haloarcula japonica DSM 6131,definition=urease subunit beta
msdelvpgevipgegtvtlnedrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalsfdreaaigmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsnavermraagfgdtgevapddgdtesdq
>Kitasatospora_setae_KM-6054  coded_by=2180313..2181032,organism=Kitasatospora setae KM-6054,definition=putative urease beta/gamma subunit
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrtvlsaadvlpgvadvvtvvqveavfedgtrlavvtdpfrgagslgedapgaalpgpgagydpveetvllpvrntasvpisvtshfhffeanprlafdraaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgatvevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakdaalakaratgylteypagddaeptp
>Streptomyces_sp._JS01  coded_by=61145..61855,organism=Streptomyces sp. JS01,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardghrlavalergrsvltpddilpgvadvvteihveavfedgtrlavvsdpfggghsgdsapgavltgpadavpepelvltvrntasvpisvtshfhffeanprlsfdraaaygmrlaapagvstrfdvggtaevglvpmggartaigfaglvdghldapgakeealrraaargylgaadahgpsgatr
>Helicobacter_suis  coded_by=<1..507,organism=Helicobacter suis,definition=UreA
dvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvcgnkriyrfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3809  coded_by=4748..5446,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3809,definition=Urease gamma/beta subunit (Urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunit)
mmnlspteldrlvifnaaqmarrnrllgiklshpeavayltdevmtaarrnlpyaeirdmagrllttddvepgvaqmipmlyvelmfaegtkvmalfepiqpaegaaaddivpgeiiaggddiamftelpavtidvvntgdrdiqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkidrpaglgirfepgvfksvrlvpitgdrivrgqaglvngpldapgardaalklaqsrgylga
>Rhodococcus_sp._PML026  coded_by=98482..99114,organism=Rhodococcus sp. PML026,definition=urease subunit beta
mrlspheqdrllvsyaaelarrrrarglklnhpeaiavitdhllegardgksvaelmasgrevltaddvlsgvpellpevmveatfpdgtklitvhepispergdghlvpgeiftvagdieindgvesitltvvnggdrpvqvgshvhlpqanaalqfdrdraygcrldipagtavrfepgieqtvqlvplggtrevyglsmtppgklds
>Helicobacter_hepaticus  coded_by=25..669,organism=Helicobacter hepaticus,definition=urease alpha subunit
mlhyagalaksrkergiklnyvesialismeimelaregnksvaelmqqgreilkadevmegvasmvnevqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedngkltpgeyilkdeditlnankesisikvthkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnallefdraqafgkrldiasgtsvrfepgeeknvnlidfggkqkiigfndltnahinkenkeqclanaaqkhfih
>Thaumarchaeota_archaeon_MY3  coded_by=complement(464362..464736),organism=Thaumarchaeota archaeon MY3,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyvlsegdvpcnenrktikitvkhtgdrpcqigshthffeinkvldfpreqafgyrlnitagtsvrfepgdtkevelcefggskvcfgfngltngsmrstninksamekakffgfkgmgn
>Helicobacter_pylori_R038b  coded_by=complement(135344..136060),organism=Helicobacter pylori R038b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpiqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Pseudomonas_ficuserectae  coded_by=complement(3339..4034),organism=Pseudomonas ficuserectae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfadtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Saccharopolyspora_erythraea_D  coded_by=complement(8170..8748),organism=Saccharopolyspora erythraea D,definition=urea amidohydrolase
mhltpreqerltlftaaelarrrlargsrlgsaeaialvcdevlemawdgvgidevvamakevvrpdqvlpgvaasaprvqvealfphgsslvhvdepfgpaqpddagavrvasgevvlapgrerkhlevrnggaraiwlsshfpleqanpalemdraaaagyrldvpagtslefppgaartvsvvarggar
>Bosea_vaviloviae  coded_by=172256..172876,organism=Bosea vaviloviae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mnltprekdkllvamaamvarrrlergvklnypeavalitdfvvegardgrsvadlmqagahvvsadqvmegiaalihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepirgasdvmkpgevttlpgdlimnegreslsltvantgdrpiqigshyhfyeanpalaferdkargfrldipagtavrfepgqtrevrlvalagkrevygfrqevmgkl
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._cilantro  coded_by=complement(145748..146443),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. cilantro,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstllntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkgi
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._coriandricola  coded_by=20353..21048,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. coriandricola,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstllntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkgi
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..474,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
gfeamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Acidocella_sp._MX-AZ02  coded_by=3908..4600,organism=Acidocella sp. MX-AZ02,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mnlsptelerltiftaaeharrlkargvklshpeavaliademllaarcgqdyarivdmaanlltpedvepgvpsltefiaveanfpegtklvivfrpiadgqenqgveipgeiipeegeielnagrerieievlntgdrdiqvrshahffeanpaldfdrnaafgfrldvpsgagirfepgiskritlvamagarlihgqagltngrlddpeiaraaheaarargykga
>Streptomyces_natalensis_ATCC_27448  coded_by=complement(193420..194127),organism=Streptomyces natalensis ATCC 27448,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfnaaqlarsrrsrglrlnvpeataviadtvceaardgrrlaqaieagrnalgpddvlpgvaevigdvmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigtltepgdaggagpapgavlpgpadpepvpavtvtvhntasvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagsserfdaggthevglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgaktealrraaacgylgaeeqa
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrsllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Streptomyces_kanamyceticus  coded_by=complement(177358..178068),organism=Streptomyces kanamyceticus,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mpltpterdrlllftaaelarsrharglglnvpeataliadtvceaardglrlaeavergravlrpddvlpgvadvvteiqveavfddgtrlavisepfgawprrddapgavlpatevaapepvvtlgvrntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesvevgllpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakkdalrkavacgylgasstespagvra
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..535,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
egrnllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..483,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
ahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnagkhavqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvelidiggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakekhfgtincgcdnk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..480,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
hmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtxveagsdklapgevilkneditlnagkhavqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffexnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvelidiggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakekhfgtincgcdnk
>Mycobacterium_obuense  coded_by=23923..24630,organism=Mycobacterium obuense,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkhrsaglllsyaearaliadevveaaragasvaeaaahgaavltdddvmsgvptllgsvqveaffadgqklvtvhdaigpghrspsevgvipgeilpcagelelnagrsgitlvvgntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnralrfdraaafgmrldipsgtavrfepgedqevslttyggervvigqndvtnastaeapaadlmvrmrdlgfldasrev
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2258288..2258656),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifvhdkaiecntgkrtitiiventgdrpiqigshfhffeankhlnfdrgktfgmrlnipsgtgirfqskevkevelvelsgsrevfglnavtngkttdsqlkanairrlkelnfkgv
>Streptomyces_cattleya_NRRL_8057_=_DSM_46488  coded_by=4670121..4670810,organism=Streptomyces cattleya NRRL 8057 = DSM 46488,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mrltpterdrlllfgaaqlartrlarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgarladaieagrralrpddvlpgvadvvgdvmveavfadgsrlavvtdpiaggslgerapgavlpgpadpapepavtvtvrntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprlhfdrraaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeehpvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgaeedr
>Streptomyces_cattleya_NRRL_8057_=_DSM_46488  coded_by=4670313..4671002,organism=Streptomyces cattleya NRRL 8057 = DSM 46488,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaqlartrlarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgarladaieagrralrpddvlpgvadvvgdvmveavfadgsrlavvtdpiaggslgerapgavlpgpadpapepavtvtvrntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprlhfdrraaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeehpvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgaeedr
>Helicobacter_suis_HS5  coded_by=complement(12883..13617),organism=Helicobacter suis HS5,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mfyteefrmkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnytetvalisayvmeearagkksvadlmqegrnllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Helicobacter_suis_HS1  coded_by=complement(92861..93595),organism=Helicobacter suis HS1,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mfyteefrmkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnytetvalisayvmeearagkksvadlmqegrnllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Helicobacter_pylori_NY40  coded_by=complement(678829..679545),organism=Helicobacter pylori NY40,definition=urease subunit gamma
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisayimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Cuz20  coded_by=complement(65712..66428),organism=Helicobacter pylori Cuz20,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Shi417  coded_by=complement(69212..69928),organism=Helicobacter pylori Shi417,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..>684,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Sequence 153 from Patent WO0066722
mmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=20042..20758,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmegvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Mycobacterium_vaccae_ATCC_25954  coded_by=complement(88372..89079),organism=Mycobacterium vaccae ATCC 25954,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkhrsaglalsyaearaliadevveaaragasvaeaaahgasvltdddvlpgvptllgsvqveaffedgqklvtvhdaigpgsgaapqpdvipgevlpcdgelelnagragttvvvdntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralrfdrasafgmrldiasgtavrfepgeqqevsltsyggertvigqndvtnadttgtagpelmarmhelgfldaprss
>Haloarcula_sinaiiensis_ATCC_33800  coded_by=765..1181,organism=Haloarcula sinaiiensis ATCC 33800,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfgdtgeaapddgdtesdq
>Haloarcula_californiae_ATCC_33799  coded_by=765..1181,organism=Haloarcula californiae ATCC 33799,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfgdtgeaapddgdtesdq
>Haloarcula_sinaiiensis_ATCC_33800  coded_by=complement(7013..7429),organism=Haloarcula sinaiiensis ATCC 33800,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfgdtgeaapddgdtesdq
>Haloarcula_californiae_ATCC_33799  coded_by=complement(29436..29852),organism=Haloarcula californiae ATCC 33799,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfgdtgeaapddgdtesdq
>Kitasatospora_setae_KM-6054  coded_by=7135319..7135762,organism=Kitasatospora setae KM-6054,definition=putative urease beta subunit
msfgtylygdgdieinagrrtltvevvntgdravqvgshyhffevnpalrfdrdrtlgthlnipagtsvriepggtrevelceyggtgrlvgfsgllngstvshparieafrkayadgfqgaegddrgagqdgnddgqdsgkkkgan
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=48..728,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=Sequence 13 from Patent EP1176192
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaelmeecmhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveatfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdehfkagevkfgcdkdielnagkevtelevtnegpkslhvgshfhffeankalkfdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagqtrkvqliplggskkvigmnglvnniaderhkhkaldkakshgfik
>Haloarcula_aidinensis  coded_by=765..1181,organism=Haloarcula aidinensis,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevlpgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdsdtsdavermraagfgdtgetatdggdaesdq
>Helicobacter_pylori_B38  coded_by=complement(71563..72279),organism=Helicobacter pylori B38,definition=Urease A subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpievngklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L352  coded_by=complement(32100..32777),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L352,definition=urease subunit beta
mfltnreqeklliytasklalerknrglklnypeavaiissyiiegardgksvaqlmvdatkilkeddvlegvasmmymvqveatfedgtklvtvhnpipydknrlipgeylvdegeielnsskdiitieienkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkelsfertkaygkridipagtsvrfepgskksvnlidflgrryvsgfnglvegflddeatkakaiqnlskflge
>Streptomyces_viridochromogenes  coded_by=complement(145898..146608),organism=Streptomyces viridochromogenes,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgvrlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdplggglgpqapgallpgpehaepeavvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgaaygmrlavpagsstrfgpgervevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgaldapgareealrraaacgylgvtetadqeqever
>Streptomyces_viridochromogenes  coded_by=complement(145826..146536),organism=Streptomyces viridochromogenes,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgvrlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdplggglgpqapgallpgpehaepeavvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgaaygmrlavpagsstrfgpgervevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgaldapgareealrraaacgylgvtetadqeqever
>Streptomyces_viridochromogenes  coded_by=73881..74591,organism=Streptomyces viridochromogenes,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgvrlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdplggglgpqapgallpgpehaepeavvrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgaaygmrlavpagsstrfgpgervevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgaldapgareealrraaacgylgvtetadqeqever
>Helicobacter_felis_ATCC_49179  coded_by=39..752,organism=Helicobacter felis ATCC 49179,definition=UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagrlaeerlargvklnyteavalisarvmekardgnksvadlmqegrtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinadkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Haloarcula_marismortui  coded_by=915..1331,organism=Haloarcula marismortui,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrertevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfgdtgeaapddgdtesdq
>Haloarcula_marismortui_ATCC_43049  coded_by=121055..121471,organism=Haloarcula marismortui ATCC 43049,definition=urease beta subunit
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrertevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfgdtgeaapddgdtesdq
>Helicobacter_sp._TD1  coded_by=<1..495,organism=Helicobacter sp. TD1,definition=urease UreA
asmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpiesngkltpgelflkdeditinegkqaislkvknkgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdreksfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfqgaksednyvktike
>Sphingobacterium_sp._Ag1  coded_by=157030..157401,organism=Sphingobacterium sp. Ag1,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyilkkeeikanvghrttsivvknegdrpiqvgshyhffeankllsfdrekafgmrlnipastavrfepgeqksvvlvefggskeiygfngltngkytdqsvkskaidkmkklkfrqsk
>Phormidesmis_priestleyi_Ana  coded_by=48826..49275,organism=Phormidesmis priestleyi Ana,definition=urease subunit beta
magsiaglssndspdslpnslpnslptpgavicepgilvinagretktimvvnrgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrrlqfdraetlgfrldipagtavrfepgdsktvtlvalggdrivqglnnlvngslddpqirtaalermrvegysdgiq
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51297..51791,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagsseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Helicobacter_pylori_52  coded_by=complement(84433..85149),organism=Helicobacter pylori 52,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkaisvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._suis  coded_by=30013..30693,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. suis,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpretdklmlylagqlakdrkargvklnyveaialisaecveraregstvaelmaygrtllkpedvmdgvaemlevveveatfpdgtklvsihnpiesteklvpgeylladddlelnegsedieldvvntadrpiqigshfhffevnkylkfdrkaaygkrldiaagtavrfepgethrvrlidiggtreihgfsalvegklddpevreaafkkahelgfsgi
>Elizabethkingia_miricola  coded_by=155795..156163,organism=Elizabethkingia miricola,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifvkegaiicnegretvkikvintgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkamsfdrekafgkrlnivastavrfepgeekevelveiggnkkaigfnnlvdgsvdsaaqkeeslakanqlnfknl
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..531,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
qegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnagkhavqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvelidiggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakekhfgtincgcdnk
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>411,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>411,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>411,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>411,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>411,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>411,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Streptomyces_zinciresistens_K42  coded_by=25072..25830,organism=Streptomyces zinciresistens K42,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrlaeaidrarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvaapiggglgdrapgallpgpahpepepaavltvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfpreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesvevgllpiggdrvaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgapdtaarhvpsgaaapsaplthpgqevpr
>Providencia_stuartii  coded_by=complement(110635..111060),organism=Providencia stuartii,definition=urease subunit beta
msnaktdtkaptplggviladapiefnvgkpetklkvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnhalefdraaaygkrlniasttairfepgdeievslipfggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvatterpakaialneaiargykhkeq
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf361  coded_by=343289..343984,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf361,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglrlnypeavalitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilstedvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepvraragapadtlepgailpadgaielaagrprvtldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdraaalghrldipagtairfepgqrktvtlvgfggareltglndltqgtlpddaaraaalarakargfkga
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_10230  coded_by=complement(187463..187837),organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 10230,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyfikeediicnegreittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevdlvpyagerkiyghndlangetiseeakaiamkkvekqyfknksl
>Myroides_profundi  coded_by=complement(2569554..2569928),organism=Myroides profundi,definition=urease subunit beta
mvpgeyfikeediicnegreittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevdlvpyagerkiyghndlangetiseeakaiamkkvekqyfknksl
>Streptomyces_sp._MUSC136T  coded_by=97718..98422,organism=Streptomyces sp. MUSC136T,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaveaargvlgpadvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgtdapgallpgpahadpepalrltvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgaraealrraaacgylgvtsdeekgqdr
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(266215..266745),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=91919..92449,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(266205..266735),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(117516..118046),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(196262..196792),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(81897..82427),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(266203..266733),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Edwardsiella_ictaluri  coded_by=2402..2824,organism=Edwardsiella ictaluri,definition=urea amidohydrolase beta subunit
mkmtnaknskakvkesnvpvgglllknedisfnedkpvvkvrvrntgdravqvgshfhffeanralefdrsaaygmrlnimattairfepgdeievslipfggkrllygfnnlldgwamsnygkeavvekaiksgfkfsk
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._syringae  coded_by=complement(48938..49633),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqyfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_KCTC_12500  coded_by=complement(4963648..4964343),organism=Pseudomonas syringae KCTC 12500,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqyfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._HGB0020  coded_by=complement(191234..191938),organism=Streptomyces sp. HGB0020,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaverarsvlgpsdvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgdeapgallpgpphaepepvrrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfpraeaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgardealrraaacgylgvpthagkeagr
>Halalkalicoccus_jeotgali_B3  coded_by=47268..47633,organism=Halalkalicoccus jeotgali B3,definition=urease subunit beta
mnpgellpadgtvrinegretanvaventgdrpvqvgshvhffevnpalafdreasygmrldvpagtatrfepgdrqevdlvaiggdrviygmhglvdgdldveqagaleraresgfggad
>Halalkalicoccus_jeotgali_B3  coded_by=complement(654478..654843),organism=Halalkalicoccus jeotgali B3,definition=urease subunit beta
mnpgellpadgtvrinegretanvaventgdrpvqvgshvhffevnpalafdreasygmrldvpagtatrfepgdrqevdlvaiggdrviygmhglvdgdldveqagaleraresgfggad
>Yersinia_aleksiciae  coded_by=complement(911822..912256),organism=Yersinia aleksiciae,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtkesteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=28784..29218,organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtkesteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Yersinia_aleksiciae  coded_by=complement(102938..103372),organism=Yersinia aleksiciae,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtkesteqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Nauphoeta_cinerea)  coded_by=500605..501234,organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Nauphoeta cinerea),definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mhltsyekekillhmagelakkrlkrglrlnypeslalithyvmegardgktvkdimdeagnilndeqvmdgvhellnnvqieatfpdgtklvtihhpikknrkknssiipgqydllkeeivllagrsrierivsntgtrpiqvgshfhfyetnsallferegtkgyrldipsgrsvrfepgetkeivlveiggskkiygfsgkentdi
>Helicobacter_suis  coded_by=<1..506,organism=Helicobacter suis,definition=urease UreA
vmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Streptomyces_sp._WM4235  coded_by=212960..213727,organism=Streptomyces sp. WM4235,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieeargvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsapirgavplgddapgavvpgpgapqseptvhlhvrntaavpisvtshfhffeanprldfdraeaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgeaevglvpiggarvavgfaglvdgpldapgakdealrravacgylgaggetdapaspaaasgpdapetgddhpegdpa
>Kitasatospora_sp._Root107  coded_by=complement(180977..181678),organism=Kitasatospora sp. Root107,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrarglklnipevhaliadtvceaardgwrlaeaieagrsvltaedvlpgvpdvvttlqveavfddgtrlcviddpfrargslgngapgaalpgdgagyrpaeaevrlpvlntaavpvsvtshfhffevnprlafdraaaygyrlaapagssvrfdpgavvevgllpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakesalakaratgylthfqeqa
>Kitasatospora_sp._Root187  coded_by=complement(28025..28726),organism=Kitasatospora sp. Root187,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrarglklnipevhaliadtvceaardgwrlaeaieagrsvltaedvlpgvpdvvttlqveavfddgtrlcviddpfrargslgngapgaalpgdgagyrpaeaevrlpvlntaavpvsvtshfhffevnprlafdraaaygyrlaapagssvrfdpgavvevgllpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakesalakaratgylthfqeqa
>Deinococcus_radiodurans_R1  coded_by=complement(344702..345388),organism=Deinococcus radiodurans R1,definition=urease, beta/gamma subunit
mqltererdklliftaaqlarerrarglklnhpeavalitaevlegirdgrrvedlmsfgaailtpddvldgvpeliheiqvegtfpdgtklvtvhdpirgaasrrvageylleggeielnagrpvttltvantadrpvqvgshfhffevnaglrfdraaaygfrlnipagtavrfepgeerevdlvplggsrtvygmnalvngdldapgtreaalegaraagfggaq
>Streptomyces_pristinaespiralis  coded_by=complement(2760694..2761386),organism=Streptomyces pristinaespiralis,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeatalvadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaarsilgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlaivsdpigggrmgesapgalipgpadpdrepdvvltvrntapvpvsvtshfhffeanprlrfdraaaygmrlavpagssvrfdpggeaevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgvegatg
>Streptomyces_virginiae  coded_by=complement(441..1151),organism=Streptomyces virginiae,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpgdvlpgvadvvaevhveavfddgsrlavvsspiqgavplgddapgavvpgpgapqpepvvhlrvrntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegevglvpiggdriavgfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgvaaehedgdra
>Sporosarcina_pasteurii  coded_by=403..783,organism=Sporosarcina pasteurii,definition=urease
msnnnyivpgeyrvaegeieinagrekttirvsntgdrpiqvgshihfvevnkellfdraegigrrlnipsgtaarfepgeemeveltelggnrevfgisdltngsvdnkelilqrakelgykgve
>Sporosarcina_pasteurii  coded_by=355..735,organism=Sporosarcina pasteurii,definition=urease beta subunit
msnnnyivpgeyrvaegeieinagrekttirvsntgdrpiqvgshihfvevnkellfdraegigrrlnipsgtaarfepgeemeveltelggnrevfgisdltngsvdnkelilqrakelgykgve
>Haloferax_sp._ATCC_BAA-645  coded_by=complement(133450..133842),organism=Haloferax sp. ATCC BAA-645,definition=urease subunit beta
mtgdfvpgevipgdgtvtlnegretaevpvgnagdrpvqvgshfhffeanaalsfdrerafgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelvalggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdpgaalerareagfgdtglggde
>Haloferax_sp._ATCC_BAA-644  coded_by=complement(223267..223659),organism=Haloferax sp. ATCC BAA-644,definition=urease subunit beta
mtgdfvpgevipgdgtvtlnegretaevpvgnagdrpvqvgshfhffeanaalsfdrerafgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelvalggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdpgaalerareagfgdtglggde
>Streptomyces_vietnamensis  coded_by=7732068..7732763,organism=Streptomyces vietnamensis,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaqlartrlerglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglhlaealdrgravlgpddvlpgvtdvvteiqveavfddgtrlavisapfgevehddgapgavlphtetlpepeppitlsvrntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlaapagsstrfdpgavvevglvpmggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakaealkraaacgylgtegaer
>Pseudomonas_sp._CF149  coded_by=152019..152540,organism=Pseudomonas sp. CF149,definition=urease subunit beta
mstketagphqdthpkhniphaknpggvhkgneadvplggtifastpitfnedrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaafgkrlnisattairfepgdeievplipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdkmtsnherpeklqaiqravdhgfkfskpakptndk
>Pseudomonas_psychrophila  coded_by=complement(384629..385150),organism=Pseudomonas psychrophila,definition=urease subunit beta
mstketagphqdthpkhniphaknpggvhkgneadvplggtifastpitfnedrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaafgkrlnisattairfepgdeievplipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdkmtsnherpeklqaiqravdhgfkfskpakptndk
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_PA1  coded_by=complement(3366841..3367461),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens PA1,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgvpsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtlievantgdrpiqvgshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgpl
>Bacillus_sp._FJAT-27445  coded_by=540762..541136,organism=Bacillus sp. FJAT-27445,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfeqgeqktvslveirgrktikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Streptomyces_sp._XY431  coded_by=complement(107421..108125),organism=Streptomyces sp. XY431,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnipeataliadavceaardgrrlaeaveagrsvltaadvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfddgtrlavvddpfrgagslgedapggalpgdgagydpveetvvlpvhntsgvpisvtshfhffeanprlafdraaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgstvevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakesalakaratgyltgfddaeves
>Bacillus_sp._YP1  coded_by=complement(3404727..3405101),organism=Bacillus sp. YP1,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqivegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Rhodococcus_pyridinivorans_SB3094  coded_by=2981746..2982453,organism=Rhodococcus pyridinivorans SB3094,definition=urease subunit beta
mhltpkeedrlllflaaelarrhkdkglklsypearaliadevveaaragatvaeaahvgahllteddllpgvatlvgtvqvegffddgqklvtihdpirpgnnttstepevnpgeilvedgdielnrnrrsttltvvntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnrallfdrrtaygmhldiasgtavrfepgeersiqlttfggtrelyglndmtnetlreqpsrelldaldragfrrstpa
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(3615978..3616352),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglnemadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Streptomyces_sp._MUSC149T  coded_by=14166..14912,organism=Streptomyces sp. MUSC149T,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgeeapgallpgpehadpeavlrltvtntapvpvsvtshfhffetnprldfdrpaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesleigllpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgvpespealrenpdgvsenpdqeaer
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf93  coded_by=161994..162689,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf93,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiisdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgiaamlpilqvegvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegapedtlepgailpaegeielaagrprttievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdreaalglrldipagtavrfepgqrktvtlvgfggerrltglndltqgtidtpaeraaalarakaggfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._syringae_B728a  coded_by=complement(2556211..2556906),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae B728a,definition=Urease, beta subunit:Urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgqlplavmptpgeilapdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._aceris  coded_by=33448..34143,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. aceris,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgqlplavmptpgeilapdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._solidagae  coded_by=942..1637,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. solidagae,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgqlplavmptpgeilapdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._syringae  coded_by=complement(69883..70578),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgqlplavmptpgeilapdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._aceris  coded_by=complement(530..1225),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. aceris,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgqlplavmptpgeilapdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Pontibacter_sp._BAB1700  coded_by=complement(49558..49968),organism=Pontibacter sp. BAB1700,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgeyilqkgeikandkrktvrvtvantgdrpiqvgshyhffetnkalefdraaafgmrlnipastavrfepgekkavflvefggnklisgfnnltegdvtkknvrdaaiqkaqkegfkgaggaaapakgrrnrk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..505,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
rtllkkedvmdgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditlnagknavqvkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkrldfdraqafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdlidiggnkrvygfnalvdrqadadgkklglkrakehnfgqvke
>Brucella_ovis_ATCC_25840  coded_by=1323126..1323620,organism=Brucella ovis ATCC 25840,definition=urease, beta subunit
mqestmakeptkaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgvkscksggkdak
>Helicobacter_mustelae_12198  coded_by=364830..365507,organism=Helicobacter mustelae 12198,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mrltpkeldkmmlhyagelakkrkergvklnyveavalismeimeharegkktvadlmslgrqvlkaedvmdgvaalvhevqievcfpdgtklvtvhnpienngklhpgefilkdedivlnagkeaievkvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffetnkllefdrekaygrrldiasgtsvrfepgesktvrliqfggnqrifgfndlnngqvnednkrkalaaakakgfik
>Anaerococcus_lactolyticus_S7-1-13  coded_by=59776..60159,organism=Anaerococcus lactolyticus S7-1-13,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifykdddlilnedfeaieikvtntgdravqigshfhffevnrflkfdrsmafgkkldipagnairfepgqthrvrlidiggngrvigfngltngvahdikkdeamknliqkgyaninsdgee
>Haloferax_alexandrinus_JCM_10717  coded_by=complement(204189..204608),organism=Haloferax alexandrinus JCM 10717,definition=urease subunit beta
mtgefvpgevitadgtitlnegretaevtvgntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanaalsfdreaaygmrlnipagtavrfepgdqtsvelvaiggkrrahgmngmvngsvdtdpsaaverlraagfadtgasddehgtaegsse
>Haloferax_sp._BAB2207  coded_by=5580..5999,organism=Haloferax sp. BAB2207,definition=urease subunit beta
mtgefvpgevitadgtitlnegretaevtvgntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanaalsfdreaaygmrlnipagtavrfepgdqtsvelvaiggkrrahgmngmvngsvdtdpsaaverlraagfadtgasddehgtaegsse
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root157  coded_by=complement(5679..6374),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root157,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrqgrglklnypeavaiisdailegardgrsvaemmsfgsqilsqsdvmpgvaamlpvlqieatfpdgtklvtvheplrpasgaevdtlepgriiaaegeielnagrrkaiitvvntgdrpvqigshyhffeankalefdreaafgmrldipagtavrlepgqekevtlttfggnqvmgglngltggaatdanvkkaaltrakaagfrga
>Bifidobacterium_kashiwanohense_PV20-2  coded_by=823945..824652,organism=Bifidobacterium kashiwanohense PV20-2,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklmlhlagelakerrdrgvklnypeaialissevmeraregmtvaelmaygrtvvtadevmpgvaemiheveveatfpdgtklvsihdpvetteelvpgeylpadgeltlnegceaieidvtntadrpiqvgshyhffeankylrfdrraaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvqlidfggtrevhgfaqlvegrlddpvvretafakareehflgmddgddeeia
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrsllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Angustibacter_sp._Root456  coded_by=complement(3392..4111),organism=Angustibacter sp. Root456,definition=urease subunit gamma
mhltpterdrllifsaaelararrrrglllnvpeaialvadavaeaardgarlaeavergrgvlrpdevlpgvadvvrdvkveavfddgtrlvvvpdpfgpatstllspgavlaaddpaqptrpdlagltdlvevvvvneapvpisvtshfhffevnprlrfdraaawgrrlavpagaverfdpgaevvvqlrpfggdrvligfaglvdgpldepgaleralerasacgylgadpgerp
>Flammeovirgaceae_bacterium_311  coded_by=complement(418699..419460),organism=Flammeovirgaceae bacterium 311,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mhlspkdidklvlhnagflaqkryarglklnypeavaliatqllefirdgesvaelmdkgkkilghddlmegvagmidevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhnpvcrqkgiaelalyasglsqaavktaqpdnfitaipgeytlqdaalelnsgrqvislevsnmgdrpvqvgshypffetnpmllfnrelaygyrlnipagtavrfepgerkqvelvalagerkvyggsglidgtldnankanalqsmrdqnffhteq
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_XH7  coded_by=complement(3532829..3533203),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens XH7,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrekaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_TA208  coded_by=complement(3531166..3531540),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens TA208,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrekaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_LL3  coded_by=complement(3577987..3578361),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens LL3,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrekaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens_DSM_7  coded_by=complement(3563993..3564367),organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens DSM 7,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrekaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(3533655..3534029),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrekaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Burkholderia_glathei_PML1(12)  coded_by=142193..142891,organism=Burkholderia glathei PML1(12),definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltpteyerltlytaaelarrhrhkglqlnhpeavaiiadeilegaregrtvadliafgstlltqddvlpgvaemlpmlqvegsfpdgtklvtihqpirpgklglpadtvvpgeilaadgnielnvnrqtavvkamntgdrpiqigshfhffeankalrfdrqvafgmrldipagtavrfepgdvkevnlvafggtqeifgmngltagsisdpdvrkaaierartngfqga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._mellea  coded_by=24964..25659,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. mellea,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqaaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali  coded_by=6350..7045,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqaaleraraqhfkga
>Bilophila_sp._4_1_30  coded_by=complement(16749..17153),organism=Bilophila sp. 4_1_30,definition=hypothetical protein
mtnktpnktktpvgglilgsdpiefnagrktitlkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdrhaaygmrlnissttairfepgdektvslvsiggtsgtygfnnlvdgwtgdehervineeradklgfknakk
>Bilophila_wadsworthia_3_1_6  coded_by=101699..102103,organism=Bilophila wadsworthia 3_1_6,definition=urease, beta subunit
mtnktpnktktpvgglilgsdpiefnagrktitlkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdrhaaygmrlnissttairfepgdektvslvsiggtsgtygfnnlvdgwtgdehervineeradklgfknakk
>Saccharothrix_sp._ST-888  coded_by=complement(29590..30300),organism=Saccharothrix sp. ST-888,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvltaddvlpgvpdvvtviqveavfddgtrlavindpfkgagslgdeapgtaligdgtgydpieetvvlsvhntsavpisvtshfhffeanprlafdreaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgatvevglvpiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgardaalakaratgyltsfddaeaes
>Sphingobacterium_sp._ACCC_05744  coded_by=complement(54606..54977),organism=Sphingobacterium sp. ACCC 05744,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyflkaddikanagyrtvtvsvantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkalafdrektfgmrlnipastavrfepgekkdvilveiggakeihgfngltngnytkdkvkneaiakmkkqnykssq
>Filomicrobium_sp._Y  coded_by=1640658..1641284,organism=Filomicrobium sp. Y,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mnltprekdkllvamaamvarrrlergvklnhpeaialitdtvvegardgrtvaelmqlgarvlsadqvmdgiaemihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhdpirgmkkapsvvpgeivtpdgeielnkdaptitltvantgdrpiqvgshyhfyetnpalefdreqargmrlniaagtavrfepgqsrevslvpfaggrevygfrqsvmgkl
>Filomicrobium_sp._W  coded_by=1640663..1641289,organism=Filomicrobium sp. W,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mnltprekdkllvamaamvarrrlergvklnhpeaialitdtvvegardgrtvaelmqlgarvlsadqvmdgiaemihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhdpirgmkkapsvvpgeivtpdgeielnkdaptitltvantgdrpiqvgshyhfyetnpalefdreqargmrlniaagtavrfepgqsrevslvpfaggrevygfrqsvmgkl
>Micromonospora_aurantiaca_ATCC_27029  coded_by=complement(5128739..5129242),organism=Micromonospora aurantiaca ATCC 27029,definition=urease, beta subunit
makqhpgpnskhlrpiggyklsdqplelnagrpvtevvvhntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanrflefdrpsafgkrlnipattsirfepgdrktvqlvpyggsqrvygfnglvqgwtgdgpipgyrpdraealhqaqtrgfkttsqqqdqgkgqskgqgkgqdksgkgdr
>Yersinia_pestis_Pestoides_F  coded_by=complement(1804253..1804780),organism=Yersinia pestis Pestoides F,definition=urease beta subunit
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Nepal516  coded_by=1316492..1317019,organism=Yersinia pestis Nepal516,definition=urease beta subunit
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Antiqua  coded_by=2680710..2681237,organism=Yersinia pestis Antiqua,definition=urease beta subunit
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28949..29476,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28929..29456,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28893..29420,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(10239..10766),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(21591..22118),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_wautersii  coded_by=complement(24815..25342),organism=Yersinia wautersii,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(127454..127981),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28934..29461,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(22377..22904),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=34163..34690,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28887..29414,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=28955..29482,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Helicobacter_hepaticus  coded_by=68..625,organism=Helicobacter hepaticus,definition=urease alpha subunit
meimelaregnksvaelmqqgreilkadevmegvasmvdevqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedngkltpgeyilkdeditlnankesisikvthkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnallefdraqafgkrldiasgtsvrfepgeeknvnlidfggkqkiigfndltnahinkenkeqclanaaqkhfih
>Helicobacter_suis_HS1  coded_by=<1..524,organism=Helicobacter suis HS1,definition=UreA
layaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvcgnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Candidatus_Nitrososphaera_evergladensis_SR1  coded_by=complement(2395329..2395790),organism=Candidatus Nitrososphaera evergladensis SR1,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvkkngkttkkrkaasqqqrvskkeevtsspmmpgeyilapdpvmcntnrktvkitvknkgdrpcqigshthffevnraldfprekafgyrlnipagtsirfepgdskdvelceiggarvcygfngltmgslnssmvmraavekaqkqgfnga
>Streptomyces_venezuelae  coded_by=complement(712012..712707),organism=Streptomyces venezuelae,definition=Urease beta subunit / Urease gamma subunit
mpltpterdrlllftaaelarthlarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrlaealkrgravlgpddvlpgvtdivteiqveavfddgsrlavisdpfgdvgrgdgapgavlphedslpepapvitltvrntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlaapagastrfdpgatadvglvpmgggrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgtegagr
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250BSi  coded_by=21079..21795,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250BSi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialyrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250ASii  coded_by=complement(9329..10045),organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250ASii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialyrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250ASi  coded_by=21091..21807,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250ASi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialyrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_SFn118  coded_by=complement(40174..40803),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo SFn118,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregrtvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmapv
>Corallococcus_coralloides_DSM_2259  coded_by=complement(9599983..9600768),organism=Corallococcus coralloides DSM 2259,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mhlsprdvdklllhqagvvaqkrlarglrlnypeavaliatqlleyirdgrsvaelmdlgrrflgraqvmdgvpemlaevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhhpvvaehgdlslalygsflpvpplerftvpaaspegppgavraaegalelnagrkaitlrvthrgdrpiqvgshyafaetnralvfdrgrayghrldipagtavrfepgevktvslvpiageqvvrggnalgsgkvsdegrerlleavraqgfgheeekeeedrs
>Citreicella_sp._357  coded_by=complement(8310..8993),organism=Citreicella sp. 357,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrargrvlnapeavalicdeilegardgrsvadlisfgstilssddvmegvadllpmiqvegvfpdgtklvtvhdpirpgdktpdgrvgipgeiraaegeielnagrarvalvvkntgdrpvqvgshyhffetnkaldfdrkaafgyrldipagtavrfepgqekevslcdfggtkqlsglnnltngadrdtaleraraagfrga
>Rhodococcus_sp._B7740  coded_by=985869..986501,organism=Rhodococcus sp. B7740,definition=Urease beta subunit
mrlspheqdrllvsyaaelarrrqarglklnhpeaiavitdhllegardgrsvadlmssgreilgaddvldgvpellpevmveatfpdgtklitvhepispkrgdghlipgeiitvagdieinegaevismavvnagdrpvqvgshvhfpqsnaalqfdrerahgcrldipagtavrfepgieqtirlvplggtrevhglsmtppgklds
>Pseudomonas_sp._DSM_29165  coded_by=119686..120201,organism=Pseudomonas sp. DSM 29165,definition=urease subunit beta
mtrkktaapasphqdthpehsipnakdpggvpksqeddvplggivyastpitfnedrpvtqikvrntgdrpiqigshyhffevnralefdraaafgkrlnitsttairfesgdeievslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwapdntialheraeklqaiqlatelgfkfsktdp
>Hyphomicrobium_sp._MC1  coded_by=1452660..1453286,organism=Hyphomicrobium sp. MC1,definition=urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits (urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunits)
mlltprekdklliamaadvarrrlargvklnypeaialitdavvegardgrsvaelmqqgarvltrdqvmdgiaemiedvqveatfpdgtklvtvhqpirggsdattiiagefitpdgdielnvgastvtlkvantgdrpiqvgshyhffetnpaleferekargmrldiasgtavrfepgqtrevtlvpysgartvygfrqdvmgkl
>Francisella_philomiragia  coded_by=complement(198561..199244),organism=Francisella philomiragia,definition=urease, beta subunit
mfltnreqeklmiytasklalerkqrglklnypeaiaiissfiiegaregksvaelmvaatkvlsaddvidgvanmiemvqteatfndgtklvtvhnpiqtrnkgiiageyiiddgeielnsqkqklkidvknngdrpiqvgshyhffetnpalnfdrasaygmrlnilsgtsvrfepgsikkvvlvayggkryisgfnglvegylddekvkerafinlenflkegv
>Mycobacterium_neoaurum  coded_by=321763..322473,organism=Mycobacterium neoaurum,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpkdedrllvflaaelarkhraaglaltyaearaliadevieaarsgagvaeaaaigadlltdddvmpgvrtllgsvqveaffddgqklvtvhdaigpgtrtadeiaftpgevlaadgelelnagrasvsvsvqntgdrpiqvgshfhffecnralrfdrrsafgmrldipsglavrfepgetqevsltcyggdrvvigqndvtngrtdipadaalmsdvrargfldtsdses
>Mycobacterium_neoaurum_VKM_Ac-1815D  coded_by=4914395..4915105,organism=Mycobacterium neoaurum VKM Ac-1815D,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpkdedrllvflaaelarkhraaglaltyaearaliadevieaarsgagvaeaaaigadlltdddvmpgvrtllgsvqveaffddgqklvtvhdaigpgtrtadeiaftpgevlaadgelelnagrasvsvsvqntgdrpiqvgshfhffecnralrfdrrsafgmrldipsglavrfepgetqevsltcyggdrvvigqndvtngrtdipadaalmsdvrargfldtsdses
>Streptomyces_katrae  coded_by=2480..3184,organism=Streptomyces katrae,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgvrlaealqrgrsvlgpddvlpgvvdivtevmveavfedgtrlaavgdpfgarprddeapgavlpgadtvdepepaltlavrntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavaagsstrfdsgavvevglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgakaealrravacgylgavapegsaa
>Streptomyces_sp._KE1  coded_by=3830..4609,organism=Streptomyces sp. KE1,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrllifnaaqlararqarglrlnvpeatalisdtvceaardgarlaeavaagraalgpddvlpgvadvlteiqveavfedgsrlavltdpiggghtgdqapgallpgpphaepgpvltlpvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprlnfdraaaygmrlavpagsslrfgpgetreaglvpvggarvvigfaglvdgpldapgaraealrraaacgylgagtpgtdpappattsappgatpappgatpaletda
>Anaerococcus_hydrogenalis_ACS-025-V-Sch4  coded_by=7292..7675,organism=Anaerococcus hydrogenalis ACS-025-V-Sch4,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeifykdedlilnedfesieikvtntgdravqigshfhffevnrflkfdrsmafgkkldipagnairfepgqthrvrlvdiggngrvigfngltngvahdikkdeamknlvqkgyaninsdgee
>Mycobacterium_phlei_RIVM601174  coded_by=151977..152681,organism=Mycobacterium phlei RIVM601174,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkrraaglalsyaearaliadevceaaragatvaeaaahgasiltdddvmpgvaallgsvqveaffddgqklvtvhdairpgttttepdvvpgeilpadgelelnagrasvtltventgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralrfdraasfgmrldipsgtavrfepgetqevaltryggeqivvgqndvtngatsgavtggqldriralgfldaakea
>Helicobacter_pylori_OK113  coded_by=complement(87165..87881),organism=Helicobacter pylori OK113,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpietngklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_bizzozeronii  coded_by=<1..495,organism=Helicobacter bizzozeronii,definition=urease UreA
mpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedgghklapgevilkneditlnagkqattlevhnkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllefdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgekktveliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadtdgkklalkrakehgfgvvncgcdkk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(34709..35176),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtsttgtkgidtkgttekntplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(271485..271952),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtsttgtkgidtkgttekntplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._maculicola_str._ES4326  coded_by=19395..20090,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. maculicola str. ES4326,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplatmptpgeilspdsdillnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqsaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._maculicola  coded_by=complement(23396..24091),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. maculicola,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplatmptpgeilspdsdillnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqsaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._alisalensis  coded_by=25437..26132,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. alisalensis,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplatmptpgeilspdsdillnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqsaleraraqhfkga
>Singulisphaera_acidiphila_DSM_18658  coded_by=complement(500315..500800),organism=Singulisphaera acidiphila DSM 18658,definition=urease, beta subunit
madsetpheepgvgdwlrhpdaapqstsktsapvgglilasgeielnagrpsitlevrntgdrpiqigshyhffetnralefdrpatfglrldipagtairfepgdqksvslipmggkqhcfgfndlvngwtgggpttdyrpnfttavqkanalgfksskp
>Singulisphaera_acidiphila_DSM_18658  coded_by=complement(1499515..1500000),organism=Singulisphaera acidiphila DSM 18658,definition=urease, beta subunit
madsetpheepgvgdwlrhpdaapqstsktsapvgglilasgeielnagrpsitlevrntgdrpiqigshyhffetnralefdrpatfglrldipagtairfepgdqksvslipmggkqhcfgfndlvngwtgggpttdyrpnfttavqkanalgfksskp
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmleeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevncflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DM4  coded_by=4321599..4322306,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DM4,definition=urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits (urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunits)
mtgapmyltareqerllvflaaqlarrrrdsglrlnmpearaliadavfegarhgqsvselmsvgrsvlaesdvlegvaelidtlmvepflpdgqklvcvhdpiavdgtavsdafanrwqlaegeiainrdrpsfstlvrshgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrrqafgfrldipagttirfepgdektvdlvaiggrrevhglnrltegrlddpairerafaraaaqgfrgi
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksavelmqegrillkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgiavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Sulfolobus_tokodaii_str._7  coded_by=complement(1012814..1013473),organism=Sulfolobus tokodaii str. 7,definition=urease gamma/beta subunit
mfltpreqeklliswaaevarrrrvkglklnyaeamaiivdyilekaregvkmediikgaqelltendvmegvpelldlvqveatfpdgtklvtvrnpiksskktlntyiikqgeievkgeeieleitntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkalkfdrekaygmrlsipagtavrfepgqtkvvrlrkigggrrvtglngltegslehnkeesikrakergfa
>Halobiforma_lacisalsi_AJ5  coded_by=74131..74541,organism=Halobiforma lacisalsi AJ5,definition=urease subunit beta
mtnlvpgeldpagdpvrinegrptatvtvenigdrpvqvgshfhffevnpglefdresaygmrldvpagtavrfepgverdvdlvaiggdrivrgmaglvegeldddavkeralerarergyiaesepdtsggdrp
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..489,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
vahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakekhfgtincgcdhnk
>Hyphomicrobium_sp._MC1  coded_by=complement(3771297..3771995),organism=Hyphomicrobium sp. MC1,definition=urease gamma (N-terminal)/beta (C-terminal) subunit (urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunit)
myltptelerltiftaaelarkrltkglllnypeavalisdeilegaregrsvaemmslgsqvltqsqvmpgvpamlpmlqveatfrdgtklvtiheplrptadtatqdghepgaiiaeegdvelnagrrkitlqavntgdrpiqigshyhffeansalefdraaafgmhldiaagtavrfepgqdkivslvefggnqklsglnglsdglandpaakaaaiarardlkfrgs
>Methylobacterium_sp._ME121  coded_by=18211..18921,organism=Methylobacterium sp. ME121,definition=urease subunit gamma
mvrvlqrpkpaldraarmilapaaattrlpvlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpesvalitdfvvegardgrtvadlmqagatvltadqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaassdipgavttlpgeivfnpgaertmievanvgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpglvfpreqargkrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsggrtvygfrgdvmgkl
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DSM_13060  coded_by=17762..18382,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DSM 13060,definition=Urease subunit beta
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgpl
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_AM1  coded_by=complement(3366800..3367420),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens AM1,definition=urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits (urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunits)
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgpl
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DM4  coded_by=complement(3731261..3731881),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DM4,definition=urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits (urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunits)
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgpl
>Streptomyces_glaucescens  coded_by=5390025..5390729,organism=Streptomyces glaucescens,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaveaarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvseplrgglgadapgallpgpehaepepavrltvtntagvpisvtshfhffeanprlrfdraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesadvglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgvpddteqetgr
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..519,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
lkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..519,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
lkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=2016248..2016868,organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=urease beta subunit
mlltprekdklfiamaaevarkrlargvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmeagarvitadqvmegiaemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhnpirgqasedvpgefvtpdgeivfnegaervtlsvantgdrpiqvgshyhfyetnpglaferekargmrldiapgtavrfepgatrevtlvplggkrevygfrgdvmgkl
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tomato_T1  coded_by=39395..40090,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato T1,definition=urease, beta/gamma subunit
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._berberidis  coded_by=39595..40290,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. berberidis,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tomato  coded_by=16788..17483,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._philadelphi  coded_by=complement(11378..12073),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. philadelphi,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._maculicola  coded_by=complement(255796..256491),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. maculicola,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tomato_str._DC3000  coded_by=complement(2660459..2661154),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato str. DC3000,definition=urease, beta/gamma subunit
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._persicae  coded_by=complement(69561..70256),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. persicae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tomato  coded_by=39395..40090,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Ruminococcus_sp._CAG:57  coded_by=20976..21656,organism=Ruminococcus sp. CAG:57,definition=urease gamma subunit
mrlvpreqdklmlhyagmlardrkaqglklnypeavayismevmekaragasaaelmqygtklltaddvmdgvpemiheiqiestmpdgtklvtvhnpikgasklhpgefiveegtvklnegtesieltvsntgdrpiqtgshfhffevnkalefdrkaaygmrldipagtavrfepgekktvrlipiggdrigyglnglvngkmddenikqaafekakklgfkgv
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=9131..9811,organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mrlvpreqdklmlhyagmlardrkaqglklnypeavayismevmekaragasaaelmqygtklltaddvmdgvpemiheiqiestmpdgtklvtvhnpikgasklhpgefiveegtvklnegtesieltvsntgdrpiqtgshfhffevnkalefdrkaaygmrldipagtavrfepgekktvrlipiggdrigyglnglvngkmddenikqaafekakklgfkgv
>Natronomonas_pharaonis_DSM_2160  coded_by=978830..979228,organism=Natronomonas pharaonis DSM 2160,definition=urease beta subunit
msdpsegsltpgellvddapvelnagretatvtventgdrpvqvgshyhffetnpalafdretaygmrlnipagtavrfepgaerdvelvaiggdrivhgmdglvngdlddeatreramdraaaagyrgver
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_CM4  coded_by=1396985..1397680,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens CM4,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrtvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailpaegeielsagrprvmievvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._PVA_94-07  coded_by=complement(166345..167100),organism=Streptomyces sp. PVA 94-07,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrllifnaaqlararqarglrlnvpeatalisdtvgeaardgarlaeavavgravlgpddvlpgvadvlteiqveavfedgsrlavladpiggghtgdqapgallpgtphagpgpvlalrvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprlsfdraaaygmrlavpagsslrfgpgetreaglvpiggarvvigfaglvdgpldapgaraealrraaacgylgagargaepappgatpvlpgtpapdtda
>Serratia_marcescens  coded_by=complement(1025906..1026352),organism=Serratia marcescens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkhdkekhvppggyilserpitfnedretviltvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankalqfdraaafgkrlnitattairfepgdeievaliaiggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagdspvaagervkktidvkraielgyknrdqapiktdee
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(237333..237800),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnrtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=54428..54895,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnrtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(230505..230972),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnrtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Anaerococcus_lactolyticus_ATCC_51172  coded_by=37087..37470,organism=Anaerococcus lactolyticus ATCC 51172,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeifykdddlilnedfeaieinvtntgdravqigshfhffevnrylkfdrsmafgkkldipagnairfepgqthrvrlidiggngrvigfngltngvahdikkdeamknliqkgyaninsdgee
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51120..51614,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqniplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(20793..21287),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqniplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(20818..21312),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqniplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=25911..26405,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqniplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Desulfosporosinus_acididurans  coded_by=complement(72154..72516),organism=Desulfosporosinus acididurans,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgevklaegiieanqglktetlvvenagdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylifaralawgmrlnipsgtavrfepgesrkvnlvqfsgkgpwlgannlssgcmdksacierareqgfsqigi
>Methylobacterium_variabile  coded_by=complement(795..1415),organism=Methylobacterium variabile,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdkllvamaamvarnrlgrgvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmrlgaqvltadqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgtpaadvpgavttpdgeivfneglprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffetnpalrfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalipmgggravygfrgdvmgsl
>Citrobacter_freundii_GTC_09479  coded_by=complement(42279..42707),organism=Citrobacter freundii GTC 09479,definition=urease subunit beta
msqnkeaenvpyggyvlgaspisfntekpvtkvrvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkelefdresalgkrlnitattairfepgdeieielipysgdndifgfnnlvdmtgeqlaevindptklkslidnaqqagfkmptnps
>Streptomyces_sp._PBH53  coded_by=2077739..2078446,organism=Streptomyces sp. PBH53,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggglgehapgallpgpehadsepvvrlrvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgvtaatpeggegr
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tabaci_str._ATCC_11528  coded_by=1061..1756,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tabaci str. ATCC 11528,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tabaci_str._6605  coded_by=complement(6875..7570),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tabaci str. 6605,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._ciccaronei  coded_by=6347..7042,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. ciccaronei,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._ulmi  coded_by=complement(16210..16905),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. ulmi,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._lachrymans  coded_by=complement(1232..1927),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. lachrymans,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._daphniphylli  coded_by=complement(875..1570),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. daphniphylli,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._cunninghamiae  coded_by=36631..37326,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. cunninghamiae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._tabaci  coded_by=87996..88691,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. tabaci,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._hibisci  coded_by=complement(4340..5035),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. hibisci,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._tabaci_str._ATCC_11528  coded_by=119138..119833,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. tabaci str. ATCC 11528,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Myxococcus_fulvus_HW-1  coded_by=1109828..1110592,organism=Myxococcus fulvus HW-1,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mhlsprdvdklllhqagflaqkrlargvrlnypeavaliatqllefirdgrgvaelmdlgrqllgraqvmdgvpellaevqvegtfpdgsklvtvhhpvvaehgdlalalygsflpvpplerfgaatppegrpgevrvrpgdvvlnegrdtvtvsvthrgdrpiqvgshyhffetnralvfdraraygrrldipagtavrfepgerktvqlvaiagdavvrggnalgsgevtpegqaraleavrargfgheeer
>Labilithrix_luteola  coded_by=9490453..9491205,organism=Labilithrix luteola,definition=Urease beta subunit
mhlspreidklllhqagvlaqkrlarglrlnypeavallatqllelirdgrsvaelmdvgrrilghrqvlpgvadlidevqvegtfedgtklvtvhdpialddgdlnlalygsflpvpdrsifgvspspvtaagavdvvpgdielyagrarvtiqvtsrgdrpiqvgshypfdqtnaaldfdraaahgkhldipagtavrfepgdtrtvtlvengsssregpsaadiarnferlsvhlpdadetlqeaks
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>399,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
klvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvkti
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..460,organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
ieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagndklspgevilkneditlnagkhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdliqiggnqriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Phycisphaera_mikurensis_NBRC_102666  coded_by=1450198..1450968,organism=Phycisphaera mikurensis NBRC 102666,definition=urease subunit gammma/beta
mrltprelekltlhnagfvaqkrlarglrlnhpeavallaavvlemirdgrrvaelmevgrsllgrrqvmpgvaemlhdvqvegtfpdgtklvtihhpvssldgdltlalhgsflpvpsldlfgdeptddaagdapgavtpakgilemnagrdaidlavtntgdrpvqvgshypfletnaalrfdrragfgrrldvpagtavrfepgetktvrlvevagnrvvrggnaltdggvgdenreaamarvaaggfadapa
>Riemerella_anatipestifer_RA-YM  coded_by=155247..155636,organism=Riemerella anatipestifer RA-YM,definition=urease, beta subunit
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkegfik
>Riemerella_anatipestifer_ATCC_11845_=_DSM_15868  coded_by=complement(1158936..1159325),organism=Riemerella anatipestifer ATCC 11845 = DSM 15868,definition=urease, beta subunit
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkegfik
>Riemerella_anatipestifer_RA-CH-2  coded_by=732306..732695,organism=Riemerella anatipestifer RA-CH-2,definition=Urea amidohydrolase (urease) beta subunit
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkegfik
>Riemerella_anatipestifer_RA-GD  coded_by=1311608..1311997,organism=Riemerella anatipestifer RA-GD,definition=Urea amidohydrolase (urease) beta subunit
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkegfik
>Riemerella_anatipestifer_ATCC_11845_=_DSM_15868  coded_by=complement(998213..998602),organism=Riemerella anatipestifer ATCC 11845 = DSM 15868,definition=urease, beta subunit
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkegfik
>Riemerella_anatipestifer_Yb2  coded_by=1589674..1590063,organism=Riemerella anatipestifer Yb2,definition=Urease subunit beta
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkegfik
>Riemerella_anatipestifer  coded_by=complement(998099..998488),organism=Riemerella anatipestifer,definition=urease subunit beta
makkvsqssgmipgqiilrkedivcnkgkntvsievknegdrpiqvgshyhffevnkklsfdrekaygmrlnipastavrfepgekkqvilvelggnkvvyghnglvngklegskdkaldkakkegfik
>bacterium_CSP1-6  coded_by=14794..15165,organism=bacterium CSP1-6,definition=urease subunit beta, urease subunit beta
mipgeyllgegeivanagrrtielavantgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralrfdrakafgmrlnipagtavrfepgdekrvtlvelagarevyglnaltdgpagdagragavgraaregfqgaaq
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease protein UreA
mnltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnryldfdrektfgkrldiasgiavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Thermincola_ferriacetica  coded_by=24249..24641,organism=Thermincola ferriacetica,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeyilgegeieankgrktvqitvantgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkflefdrakalgmrlnipagtavrfepgeekdvtlveiggkktiyglngltegavrsaatadcaiekavrgkfkgaqkpclgkk
>Odoribacter_laneus_CAG:561  coded_by=47089..47592,organism=Odoribacter laneus CAG:561,definition=urease subunit beta
mednkntqapaqepitpgftpqqhvpvggeilsdspitynenrytaklvvhntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdraaaygchlnipattairfepgdekevevvayagkrcvmgfnglvqgytggedaptyfperiraiarakklgfkdinesqaeadfqnkqkk
>Odoribacter_laneus_YIT_12061  coded_by=complement(77088..77591),organism=Odoribacter laneus YIT 12061,definition=urease, beta subunit
mednkntqapaqepitpgftpqqhvpvggeilsdspitynenrytaklvvhntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdraaaygchlnipattairfepgdekevevvayagkrcvmgfnglvqgytggedaptyfperiraiarakklgfkdinesqaeadfqnkqkk
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf90  coded_by=complement(111233..111928),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf90,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvslevvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Escherichia_sp._KTE114  coded_by=17673..18107,organism=Escherichia sp. KTE114,definition=urease subunit beta
mssenqdnknieqysrlggyvlskepitfnddkpavnikvrntgdraiqvgshfhffevnrvlefnrdkafgkrlnitsttairfepgdevevslipfggkknlygfnnlvdgwtgeniishnerpnkiiaihrarergykfqe
>Streptomyces_nodosus  coded_by=5184790..5185494,organism=Streptomyces nodosus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrgrglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaveraravlgpddvlpgvadivaevqveavfedgsrlavvtdpiggglgeeapgallpgpqqpepeealrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraeaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgtpgagregdar
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(34636..35124),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstkgtstkgtstkgistkgttekntplggciladepitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdrtaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvlnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Helicobacter_bilis  coded_by=1061250..1061927,organism=Helicobacter bilis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpreldkmmlhyagtlaksrkdkgiklnyvesiayismeimeharegkksvaelmqlgrtllkaddvmegvanmihdvqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedsgklkpgefilkdeeivlnankdsisikvtnkgdrpiqvgshfhffetnkllvfdremaygkrldiasgtsvrfepgetksvnlisfggnerlygfndlvngqisevnkqqaldnarnkgfid
>Helicobacter_bilis_WiWa  coded_by=84090..84767,organism=Helicobacter bilis WiWa,definition=urease subunit alpha
mrltpreldkmmlhyagtlaksrkdkgiklnyvesiayismeimeharegkksvaelmqlgrtllkaddvmegvanmihdvqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedsgklkpgefilkdeeivlnankdsisikvtnkgdrpiqvgshfhffetnkllvfdremaygkrldiasgtsvrfepgetksvnlisfggnerlygfndlvngqisevnkqqaldnarnkgfid
>Helicobacter_bilis  coded_by=11978..12655,organism=Helicobacter bilis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpreldkmmlhyagtlaksrkdkgiklnyvesiayismeimeharegkksvaelmqlgrtllkaddvmegvanmihdvqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedsgklkpgefilkdeeivlnankdsisikvtnkgdrpiqvgshfhffetnkllvfdremaygkrldiasgtsvrfepgetksvnlisfggnerlygfndlvngqisevnkqqaldnarnkgfid
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._natto  coded_by=complement(1707..2081),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. natto,definition=urease beta subunit
mkpgvfqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_Miyagi-4  coded_by=complement(1096..1470),organism=Bacillus subtilis Miyagi-4,definition=urease
mkpgvfqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._natto_BEST195  coded_by=complement(3640106..3640480),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. natto BEST195,definition=urease beta subunit
mkpgvfqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Helicobacter_bilis_ATCC_43879  coded_by=complement(24148..24825),organism=Helicobacter bilis ATCC 43879,definition=urease subunit alpha
mrltpreldkmmlhyagtlaksrkdkgiklnyvesiayismeimeharegkksvaelmqlgrtllkaddvmegvanmihdvqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedsgklkpgefilkdeeivlnankdsisikvtnkgdrpiqvgshfhffetnkllvfdremaygkrldiasgtsvrfepgetksvnlisfggnerlygfndlvngqiseankqqaldnarnkgfvd
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>422,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
gklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnaxvxrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktikenpaam
>Desulfotomaculum_carboxydivorans_CO-1-SRB  coded_by=819359..819733,organism=Desulfotomaculum carboxydivorans CO-1-SRB,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgeyilgageieankdrktvvvavantgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkalifdrdkafgmrlnipagtalrfepgeekevtlvemggkqtvyglngltngsirsqtqlakslakaaelafkgvni
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..523,organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease subunit alpha
rtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnagkhavqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvelidiggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakekhfgtincgcdnk
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_WC-3618  coded_by=complement(61457..62161),organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL WC-3618,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaealerarsvlgpddvlpgvadivtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggsigerapgallpgpehaepeaavrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffetnprldfareraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesltvglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgaldapgareealrraaacgylgvprtpdqevgr
>Streptomyces_hygroscopicus_subsp._jinggangensis_TL01  coded_by=7232626..7233333,organism=Streptomyces hygroscopicus subsp. jinggangensis TL01,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaveaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvaevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigtaggglgadapgallpgpehadpepvvrlrvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgatpeggeer
>Streptomyces_hygroscopicus_subsp._jinggangensis_5008  coded_by=7538681..7539388,organism=Streptomyces hygroscopicus subsp. jinggangensis 5008,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaveaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvaevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigtaggglgadapgallpgpehadpepvvrlrvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeseevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgatpeggeer
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11722..12216),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11559..12053),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11700..12194),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11583..12077),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31060..31554,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=10134..10628,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11685..12179),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31064..31558,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31043..31537,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11754..12248),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11599..12093),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11490..11984),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=39238..39732,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11583..12077),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31043..31537,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31043..31537,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31026..31520,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31251..31745,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11549..12043),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=15165..15659,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31261..31755,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31042..31536,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11559..12053),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11549..12043),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31255..31749,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11599..12093),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31152..31646,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11559..12053),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31042..31536,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31043..31537,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31241..31735,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnsgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-43  coded_by=complement(41623..42339),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-43,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkaisvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Conexibacter_woesei_DSM_14684  coded_by=3726038..3726664,organism=Conexibacter woesei DSM 14684,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mklppsdveklllsvagmvardrrargvrlnhpeavallatwvierardgdatveqlmadgrhvlapeelmdgvaelldevqveatfpdgrklvtlhqpvastatsgslppgavvvgsepvplapgrerrtldvindgdrpvqvgshfhfadangalrfdrdaargfrldvpagtsvrfepglactvtlvalagarhvaglqlrevas
>Pseudomonas_deceptionensis  coded_by=2431077..2431529,organism=Pseudomonas deceptionensis,definition=urease subunit beta
mphaknpggvhqgneqdvplggciyasspivfnedrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraeafgkrlnissttairfepgdeievslvpyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdkltsnherpeklqaiqrardhgfkfskpak
>Bacillus_sp._FJAT-18019  coded_by=complement(2047194..2047553),organism=Bacillus sp. FJAT-18019,definition=Urease subunit beta
mvpgeyrlaeepieinagriktkirvsntgdrpiqvgshihfvevnrelsfdrgetigmrlnipagtavrfepgeekeielteiggnrrvfgvadltngsidnkdeilkraqalgykgv
>Paenibacillus_sp._FJAT-22460  coded_by=72884..73243,organism=Paenibacillus sp. FJAT-22460,definition=Urease subunit beta
mvpgeyrlaeepieinagriktkirvsntgdrpiqvgshihfvevnrelsfdrgetigmrlnipagtavrfepgeekeielteiggnrrvfgvadltngsidnkdeilkraqalgykgv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=1164..1862,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=Urease gamma/beta subunit (Urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunit)
mmnlspteldrlvifnaaqmarrnrslgiklshpeavayitdevmtaarrnlpyaeirdmagrllttddvepgvaqmipmlyvelmfaegtkvmalfepiqpaegagaeaivpgeiiaggddiamftelpavtidvvntgdrdiqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkidrpaglgvrfepgvfksvrlvpitgdrivrgqaglvngpldapgardaalklaqsrgylga
>Clostridium_thermocellum_AD2  coded_by=complement(12149..12517),organism=Clostridium thermocellum AD2,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyiiknefitlndgrrtlnikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlsnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Clostridium_thermocellum_YS  coded_by=complement(129897..130265),organism=Clostridium thermocellum YS,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyiiknefitlndgrrtlnikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlsnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Clostridium_thermocellum_DSM_2360  coded_by=15039..15407,organism=Clostridium thermocellum DSM 2360,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeyiiknefitlndgrrtlnikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlsnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Clostridium_thermocellum_JW20  coded_by=complement(2264839..2265207),organism=Clostridium thermocellum JW20,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeyiiknefitlndgrrtlnikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlsnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Clostridium_thermocellum_DSM_1313  coded_by=complement(2914796..2915164),organism=Clostridium thermocellum DSM 1313,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeyiiknefitlndgrrtlnikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlsnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Clostridium_thermocellum_BC1  coded_by=complement(11412..11780),organism=Clostridium thermocellum BC1,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyiiknefitlndgrrtlnikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlsnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Ruminiclostridium_thermocellum_ATCC_27405  coded_by=complement(2152557..2152925),organism=Ruminiclostridium thermocellum ATCC 27405,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeyiiknefitlndgrrtlnikvsntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrylefdrksafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeektvqlveiggsreiyglndltcgpldredlsnvfkkakelgfkgve
>Bacillus_sp._JS  coded_by=complement(3661683..3662057),organism=Bacillus sp. JS,definition=UreB
mkpgafqiaegmitinegretreitvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeanwsllfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Blaberus_giganteus)  coded_by=complement(144181..144810),organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Blaberus giganteus),definition=urease subunit beta/gamma
mhltsyekekillhmagelakkrlkrglklnypeslalithyvmegardgktvkdlmfeagnilndeqvmdgvyellnnvqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpikknikknsnlvpgqydlmkedivllpgrsrierivsntgtrpiqvgshfhfyetntalifdrkgtkgyrldipsgrsvrfepgetkevmlveiggskkiygfsgkentti
>Brucella_abortus_LMN1  coded_by=complement(419324..419803),organism=Brucella abortus LMN1,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_2308  coded_by=97705..98184,organism=Brucella abortus 2308,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_82  coded_by=complement(81899..82378),organism=Brucella abortus 82,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_S99  coded_by=complement(114038..114517),organism=Brucella abortus S99,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_LMN2  coded_by=complement(570024..570503),organism=Brucella abortus LMN2,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_80-1399  coded_by=420658..421137,organism=Brucella abortus 80-1399,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_84-0928  coded_by=1335370..1335849,organism=Brucella abortus 84-0928,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_68-3396P  coded_by=complement(788203..788682),organism=Brucella abortus 68-3396P,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_82-2330  coded_by=1254773..1255252,organism=Brucella abortus 82-2330,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_76-1413  coded_by=420724..421203,organism=Brucella abortus 76-1413,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_82-3893  coded_by=1254843..1255322,organism=Brucella abortus 82-3893,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_85-1058  coded_by=1254886..1255365,organism=Brucella abortus 85-1058,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_89-0363  coded_by=complement(788404..788883),organism=Brucella abortus 89-0363,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_90-0962  coded_by=420235..420714,organism=Brucella abortus 90-0962,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_87-2211  coded_by=complement(788394..788873),organism=Brucella abortus 87-2211,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_90-1280  coded_by=complement(788350..788829),organism=Brucella abortus 90-1280,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_87-0095  coded_by=complement(788405..788884),organism=Brucella abortus 87-0095,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_90-0742  coded_by=421536..422015,organism=Brucella abortus 90-0742,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_90-0737  coded_by=905121..905600,organism=Brucella abortus 90-0737,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_90-0775  coded_by=complement(788244..788723),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0775,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_94-1313  coded_by=785063..785542,organism=Brucella abortus 94-1313,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_01-0585  coded_by=371256..371735,organism=Brucella abortus 01-0585,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_01-0648  coded_by=371243..371722,organism=Brucella abortus 01-0648,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0091  coded_by=1335252..1335731,organism=Brucella abortus B10-0091,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_01-0065  coded_by=complement(788405..788884),organism=Brucella abortus 01-0065,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0018  coded_by=complement(788405..788884),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0018,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0973  coded_by=complement(788405..788884),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0973,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI016  coded_by=98456..98935,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI016,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI259  coded_by=complement(266516..266995),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI259,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI010  coded_by=97394..97873,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI010,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI488  coded_by=97394..97873,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI488,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI021  coded_by=complement(272691..273170),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI021,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI474  coded_by=97394..97873,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI474,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI486  coded_by=complement(245711..246190),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI486,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI435a  coded_by=complement(272691..273170),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI435a,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_93/2  coded_by=372200..372679,organism=Brucella abortus 93/2,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_I103_(UK3/01)  coded_by=396510..396989,organism=Brucella abortus I103_(UK3/01),definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK19/04  coded_by=complement(266468..266947),organism=Brucella melitensis UK19/04,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_290  coded_by=complement(266626..267105),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 290,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F3/02  coded_by=complement(266603..267082),organism=Brucella melitensis F3/02,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_1076  coded_by=complement(266610..267089),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 1076,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F10/05-2  coded_by=complement(266619..267098),organism=Brucella melitensis F10/05-2,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI649  coded_by=1299135..1299614,organism=Brucella abortus NI649,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_1120  coded_by=complement(266602..267081),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 1120,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI645  coded_by=1202669..1203148,organism=Brucella abortus NI645,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI633  coded_by=1256872..1257351,organism=Brucella abortus NI633,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI639  coded_by=1202672..1203151,organism=Brucella abortus NI639,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI622  coded_by=1299557..1300036,organism=Brucella abortus NI622,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI628  coded_by=1202665..1203144,organism=Brucella abortus NI628,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI613  coded_by=1256916..1257395,organism=Brucella abortus NI613,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI518  coded_by=1663900..1664379,organism=Brucella abortus NI518,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI593  coded_by=1256944..1257423,organism=Brucella abortus NI593,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI492  coded_by=1006264..1006743,organism=Brucella abortus NI492,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI388  coded_by=1256892..1257371,organism=Brucella abortus NI388,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._2_str._86/8/59  coded_by=1355064..1355543,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 2 str. 86/8/59,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI274  coded_by=1256960..1257439,organism=Brucella abortus NI274,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI380  coded_by=1255650..1256129,organism=Brucella abortus NI380,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI240  coded_by=242379..242858,organism=Brucella abortus NI240,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_levi_gila  coded_by=242368..242847,organism=Brucella abortus levi gila,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F3/07-1  coded_by=372442..372921,organism=Brucella abortus F3/07-1,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_LEVI237  coded_by=115307..115786,organism=Brucella abortus LEVI237,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F6/05-2  coded_by=115208..115687,organism=Brucella abortus F6/05-2,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F3/01-300  coded_by=1256866..1257345,organism=Brucella abortus F3/01-300,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F2/06-8  coded_by=97379..97858,organism=Brucella abortus F2/06-8,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F1/06_B1  coded_by=420236..420715,organism=Brucella abortus F1/06 B1,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_966  coded_by=1301939..1302418,organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 966,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_759  coded_by=988784..989263,organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 759,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_752  coded_by=97379..97858,organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 752,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_308  coded_by=97379..97858,organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 308,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_1432  coded_by=97379..97858,organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 1432,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_93/1  coded_by=97379..97858,organism=Brucella abortus 93/1,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_90/50  coded_by=242367..242846,organism=Brucella abortus 90/50,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_88/226  coded_by=1006188..1006667,organism=Brucella abortus 88/226,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_436  coded_by=97379..97858,organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 436,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_1011  coded_by=682050..682529,organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 1011,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_88/19  coded_by=683237..683716,organism=Brucella abortus 88/19,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_863/67  coded_by=115340..115819,organism=Brucella abortus 863/67,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_85/140  coded_by=115345..115824,organism=Brucella abortus 85/140,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_80/102  coded_by=115346..115825,organism=Brucella abortus 80/102,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_80/108  coded_by=1256890..1257369,organism=Brucella abortus 80/108,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_78/36  coded_by=372868..373347,organism=Brucella abortus 78/36,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_65/110  coded_by=115210..115689,organism=Brucella abortus 65/110,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_67/781  coded_by=1256926..1257405,organism=Brucella abortus 67/781,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_64/122  coded_by=115343..115822,organism=Brucella abortus 64/122,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_63/59  coded_by=683478..683957,organism=Brucella abortus 63/59,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_Uk24/06  coded_by=complement(266412..266891),organism=Brucella melitensis Uk24/06,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK22/04  coded_by=complement(245624..246103),organism=Brucella melitensis UK22/04,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK23/06  coded_by=complement(245781..246260),organism=Brucella melitensis UK23/06,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK14/06  coded_by=complement(245781..246260),organism=Brucella melitensis UK14/06,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F1/06_B10  coded_by=complement(246214..246693),organism=Brucella melitensis F1/06 B10,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_R42-08  coded_by=372151..372630,organism=Brucella abortus R42-08,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI495a  coded_by=650031..650510,organism=Brucella abortus NI495a,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI422  coded_by=650018..650497,organism=Brucella abortus NI422,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_NI352  coded_by=650018..650497,organism=Brucella abortus NI352,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F6/05-9  coded_by=115209..115688,organism=Brucella abortus F6/05-9,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F6/05-4  coded_by=115207..115686,organism=Brucella abortus F6/05-4,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F6/05-3  coded_by=115213..115692,organism=Brucella abortus F6/05-3,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_85/69  coded_by=complement(1319119..1319598),organism=Brucella abortus 85/69,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F5/04-7  coded_by=115346..115825,organism=Brucella abortus F5/04-7,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_877/67  coded_by=115344..115823,organism=Brucella abortus 877/67,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F10/05-11  coded_by=371850..372329,organism=Brucella abortus F10/05-11,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_84/26  coded_by=371868..372347,organism=Brucella abortus 84/26,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F10/06-3  coded_by=267148..267627,organism=Brucella abortus F10/06-3,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_F1/06-B21  coded_by=267043..267522,organism=Brucella abortus F1/06-B21,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_87/28  coded_by=267435..267914,organism=Brucella abortus 87/28,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_80/101  coded_by=372893..373372,organism=Brucella abortus 80/101,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_80/28  coded_by=785311..785790,organism=Brucella abortus 80/28,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_78/32  coded_by=372898..373377,organism=Brucella abortus 78/32,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_63/144  coded_by=373078..373557,organism=Brucella abortus 63/144,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_544  coded_by=115340..115819,organism=Brucella abortus 544,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_63/138  coded_by=372471..372950,organism=Brucella abortus 63/138,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_225/65  coded_by=371379..371858,organism=Brucella abortus 225/65,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_600/64  coded_by=267573..268052,organism=Brucella abortus 600/64,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_63/130  coded_by=372209..372688,organism=Brucella abortus 63/130,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_355/78  coded_by=372385..372864,organism=Brucella abortus 355/78,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_RB51-AHVLA  coded_by=1302002..1302481,organism=Brucella abortus RB51-AHVLA,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_B115  coded_by=complement(266635..267114),organism=Brucella melitensis B115,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_78/14  coded_by=264950..265429,organism=Brucella abortus 78/14,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_64/81  coded_by=371266..371745,organism=Brucella abortus 64/81,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_64/108  coded_by=1256917..1257396,organism=Brucella abortus 64/108,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_67/93  coded_by=267353..267832,organism=Brucella abortus 67/93,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_65/157  coded_by=115345..115824,organism=Brucella abortus 65/157,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_63/168  coded_by=115368..115847,organism=Brucella abortus 63/168,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._9-941  coded_by=1335325..1335804,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. 9-941,definition=UreB-2, urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=765822..766301,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._1_str._16M  coded_by=complement(670467..670946),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M,definition=urease beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_65/63  coded_by=267578..268057,organism=Brucella abortus 65/63,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_89-2646-1238  coded_by=683439..683918,organism=Brucella abortus 89-2646-1238,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_99-9971-135  coded_by=97983..98462,organism=Brucella abortus 99-9971-135,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_BC95  coded_by=35730..36209,organism=Brucella abortus BC95,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_ADMAS-G1  coded_by=complement(19163..19642),organism=Brucella melitensis ADMAS-G1,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_03-2770-11  coded_by=97379..97858,organism=Brucella abortus 03-2770-11,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_90-12178  coded_by=115346..115825,organism=Brucella abortus 90-12178,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_99-9971-159  coded_by=97288..97767,organism=Brucella abortus 99-9971-159,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_03-4923-239-D  coded_by=97288..97767,organism=Brucella abortus 03-4923-239-D,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_01-4165  coded_by=421548..422027,organism=Brucella abortus 01-4165,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_S19  coded_by=1333655..1334134,organism=Brucella abortus S19,definition=Urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_A13334  coded_by=complement(1082293..1082772),organism=Brucella abortus A13334,definition=urease beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(268143..268622),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(272653..273132),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(266760..267239),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(266695..267174),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(272774..273253),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=1327433..1327912,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=Urease beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(266731..267210),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(272653..273132),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(266695..267174),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=97608..98087,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(272697..273176),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_104M  coded_by=1335923..1336402,organism=Brucella abortus 104M,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(267064..267543),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(1155501..1155980),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=338951..339430,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_2308  coded_by=1332475..1332954,organism=Brucella abortus 2308,definition=Urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._1_str._16M  coded_by=787109..787588,organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(700803..701282),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=1254946..1255425,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._6_str._870  coded_by=complement(557740..558219),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 6 str. 870,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(1331417..1331896),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._9_str._C68  coded_by=1348916..1349395,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 9 str. C68,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(135423..135902),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(792421..792900),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=1101211..1101690,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_bv._4_str._292  coded_by=complement(266477..266956),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 4 str. 292,definition=urease, beta subunit
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=1313089..1313568,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_544  coded_by=97634..98113,organism=Brucella abortus 544,definition=urease subunit beta
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._viburni  coded_by=43464..44159,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. viburni,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqsfkga
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(92725..93099),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrkkikglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=57623..58090,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnhtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=57623..58090,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnhtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_WC-3753  coded_by=complement(12680..13363),organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL WC-3753,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaverarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpvgggglgaeapgallpgpghaepeaalrlpvantatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgadr
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=26758..27192,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslisfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_similis  coded_by=complement(81256..81690),organism=Yersinia similis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslisfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_similis  coded_by=28627..29061,organism=Yersinia similis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslisfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_similis  coded_by=complement(241331..241765),organism=Yersinia similis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslisfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28627..29061,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdskeqntplgglvladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslisfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf469  coded_by=complement(155766..156386),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf469,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasvevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtlvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreaargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrdvvlvplggtrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf100  coded_by=complement(18959..19579),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf100,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasvevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtlvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreaargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrdvvlvplggtrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf102  coded_by=complement(17899..18519),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf102,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasvevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtlvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreaargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrdvvlvplggtrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..453,organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
agfpdgtklvtihtpveagndklspgevilkneditlnagkhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Nitrospira_sp._2_'RAS_filter_enrichment'  coded_by=7063..7734,organism=Nitrospira sp. 2 'RAS filter enrichment',definition=Urease, beta subunit
mktkapqgsgegnegqtaseqtgtsrrqflarsgrvaagvgaasllsnpgqaglsfaateslitkvsgtggvkmkkvdapqrskealaaavraelnapiipgeimtvagdiemlkgretkevtvknlgdrpiqvgshchffesnralkfdreqafgfrlavpagtavrfepgeekkvtlvalagnrlmqgvngltegllddpkvkakavglaadrgfgkggar
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=367..801,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=UreB
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_(type_O:5)_str._YE53/03  coded_by=1114519..1114953,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica (type O:5) str. YE53/03,definition=urease beta subunit
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(3629502..3629936),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=52134..52568,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(294755..295189),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(33403..33837),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(283513..283947),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(263335..263769),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51921..52355,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51684..52118,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51748..52182,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51940..52374,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51921..52355,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51685..52119,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(40381..40815),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=complement(337435..337869),organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(71675..72109),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(289108..289542),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51751..52185,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=1065747..1066181,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(233787..234221),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51687..52121,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(47052..47486),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(36270..36704),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(330958..331392),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(229671..230105),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51838..52272,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(33403..33837),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51930..52364,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(9528..9962),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(41763..42197),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=52210..52644,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(257440..257874),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(40034..40468),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(243711..244145),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Fusicatenibacter  coded_by=complement(253434..253814),organism=Fusicatenibacter,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkpgamviadreivlnegketrellvanvgdrpvqvgshyhffevnrlltfdrepafgfrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvrlvelggrkivygcndltrgeavpdnreaamekaaekgmlspkggvl
>Sphingobacterium_spiritivorum_ATCC_33300  coded_by=134924..135295,organism=Sphingobacterium spiritivorum ATCC 33300,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyflkaedikanagyktthvvvantgdrpiqigshyhffevnkalqfdrektfgmrlnipastavrfepgekkevilveiggdkeihgfngltngkytsekvksaaiskmkkqqfkssq
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=2..682,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=Sequence 10 from Patent EP1176192
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaelmeecmhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveatfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdehfkagevkfgcdkdielnagkevtelevtnegpkslhvgshfhffeankalkfdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagqtrkvqliplggskkvigmnglvnniaderhkhkalekakshgfik
>Helicobacter_cetorum_MIT_99-5656  coded_by=760855..761571,organism=Helicobacter cetorum MIT 99-5656,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkergiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaadlmqegrtllkaddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpiecngkltpgelflkdeditinegkqaislkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnkcldfdrekafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelieiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6368  coded_by=complement(423..1127),organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6368,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpgdvlpgvadvvaevhveavfddgsrlavvsspiqgavplgddapgavvpgpgapqpepvvhlrvrntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegevglvpiggdriavgfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgvaaehedgdra
>Niabella_soli_DSM_19437  coded_by=830091..830468,organism=Niabella soli DSM 19437,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyfikkgdiiankdrkttkikvtntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralsfirektfgmrlniiastavrfepgetkevelvelggmrrvyghnnlvngdttlpknklaalqkvetlqfknkevk
>Niabella_soli_DSM_19437  coded_by=complement(526993..527370),organism=Niabella soli DSM 19437,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeyfikkgdiiankdrkttkikvtntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralsfirektfgmrlniiastavrfepgetkevelvelggmrrvyghnnlvngdttlpknklaalqkvetlqfknkevk
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=1..681,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=Sequence 4 from Patent EP1176192
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaelmeecmhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveatfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdehfkagevkfgcdkdielnagkevtelevtnegpkslhvgshfhffetnkalkfdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagqtrkvqliplggskkvigmnglvnniaderhkhkaldkakshgfik
>Mycobacterium_colombiense_CECT_3035  coded_by=121326..121748,organism=Mycobacterium colombiense CECT 3035,definition=putative urease beta subunit
msagaqyiygedpveinvgrkrttirvsntgdraiqvgshyhffeanraldfdraaaygmhldiasgtavrfepgdtrevtlcayggngrmvgfsnlvngglnsadtqiasmrrakalnfkgakdiddqhgafdaqsedr
>Mycobacterium_colombiense_CECT_3035  coded_by=complement(51822..52244),organism=Mycobacterium colombiense CECT 3035,definition=urease, beta subunit
msagaqyiygedpveinvgrkrttirvsntgdraiqvgshyhffeanraldfdraaaygmhldiasgtavrfepgdtrevtlcayggngrmvgfsnlvngglnsadtqiasmrrakalnfkgakdiddqhgafdaqsedr
>Helicobacter_pylori_Aklavik86  coded_by=complement(292793..293509),organism=Helicobacter pylori Aklavik86,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpiedngklvpgelflkneditinegkqaisvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(22434..22961),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=1353..1880,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=28960..29487,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(101564..102091),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=1354..1881,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(99428..99955),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(24679..25206),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(98724..99251),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
maavwsryttllssdgnmrvkpeliiaedssmstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Streptomyces_sp._Root431  coded_by=complement(451812..452507),organism=Streptomyces sp. Root431,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaqlartrlerglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardglrlaealdrgrsvlgpddvlpgvtdvvteiqveavfedgtrlavisapfgdvehddgapgavlphtdtlpepepvtvlavrntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlaapagsstrfdpgaaaevglvpmggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgaktealkraaacgylgaeeaer
>Candidatus_Methanomassiliicoccus_intestinalis_Issoire-Mx1  coded_by=complement(1837001..1837423),organism=Candidatus Methanomassiliicoccus intestinalis Issoire-Mx1,definition=urease subunit gamma
mqesvqknslkqgtsnkeitvgalipgegsielfpnrkhitlkvtntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdreaafgmkldiaaglsvrfepgqsrdvglveiggkryvhgfnmltngstraqdtktmamakakllgfkga
>Saccharopolyspora_erythraea_NRRL_2338  coded_by=complement(2736318..2736887),organism=Saccharopolyspora erythraea NRRL 2338,definition=urease beta/gamma subunit
malltvhvfeearagksvsdimtsgrellrpedvmegvaemiesvqveatfpdgtklvtihnpiqgvriqpieeterqprvhpgkvehpadakpisfneglevttvsvsnpqdrpvqvgshyhfaeanpglelseedrekaygkrlnvaagtskrfepcsgtdevelvpiagervvlglrkevggsldd
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._helianthi  coded_by=8729..9424,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. helianthi,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilnsddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrrplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnngrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevhlvqfggsgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacksaaleraraqlfkga
>Thermobispora_bispora_DSM_43833  coded_by=complement(1786512..1787216),organism=Thermobispora bispora DSM 43833,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mhltpterdrlllfaaaelararrarglrlnvpeaialiadtvceaardgrrldeaieagrsvltaddvlpgvpnvvrevqveavfddgtrlavvtdpfgrdavdpagpgavlpgtdedgpgaeddedavtlevtntaavpisvtshfhffevnprlrfdrakaygrhlavpagtavrfdpgatvevrlvpirgdrvvigfaglvdgpldapgakeraleraracgylgaeepa
>Streptomyces_tsukubaensis_NRRL18488  coded_by=complement(15455..16135),organism=Streptomyces tsukubaensis NRRL18488,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlveaveaarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpiggtagpaapgailpgpadpapepdtvltvrntaevpisvtshfhffeanprldfdrsaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdpggsaeiglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgadr
>Arthrobacter_sp._Hiyo6  coded_by=4252..>4706,organism=Arthrobacter sp. Hiyo6,definition=urease subunit alph
mivvaadlarrrqsrglklnfpeavaiisyeliegardgrtvaelmsygttllsredvmegvpemihdvqieatfpdapsllpstipsargrkmipgeyilrseplvlnadrdaidvvvmntgdrpvqvgshyhfaeanralefdrqaargr
>Alicyclobacillus_acidoterrestris_ATCC_49025  coded_by=11249..11893,organism=Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris ATCC 49025,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltmqerdkllifvaaelakqrrarglklnypeavallssyvaeevragrtvaelmesarhvlsaddvmpgvaqmirevqveatfpdgtklvtvhtpiraedasftpgetmvdaadtdgiallpgrqrttrvvrntgdrpvqvgshyhfyevnealefqrdgtqgyrldvpsgtairfepgvtlevglvkfggeqqiygfrgevnggiadtkd
>Halogranum_salarium_B-1  coded_by=323589..323969,organism=Halogranum salarium B-1,definition=urease subunit beta
msddplvpgeiipgdgtvtinegrktatvsvantgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkaldfdrekgfgmrldipagtavrfepgderevdlvayagkqritgmnnlvngatskgvredalecardagfkga
>Helicobacter_pylori_Aklavik86  coded_by=1195269..1195952,organism=Helicobacter pylori Aklavik86,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayvsahimdearrgkktvadlmqecmhflkkdevmegvgnmvpdlgveacfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdnhkageikfgsdedieinahkqanaiklkvknngtkslhvgshfhffeankalefdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagetkevtlidiggskkvvgmngltnnianerhkpfalenakkhgflk
>Roseovarius_sp._TM1035  coded_by=complement(306014..306709),organism=Roseovarius sp. TM1035,definition=Urease, beta subunit:Urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaqlarrrrdrglalnapeaiaiicdeilegardgrsvaelisygstiltrddvmpgvadlvpmiqvegvfpdgtklvtvhdpirpganpvadaeirpgefrvaegeielnagretitltvrntgdrpvqvgshyhffeankaldmdraaafgfrlnipagtavrfepgqekevslctfggekrltglnnltngevneankiaaleraraagfkga
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..540,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
ckkvgillkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Streptomyces_sp._769  coded_by=complement(1791097..1791738),organism=Streptomyces sp. 769,definition=urease beta/gamma subunit
maadvaekrrargvllnypeavalltvhvlegardghtvaelmasgkkvlgreevmvgvpemissvqveatfpdgtklvalhdpiprrdccaesddatlvhpgkidhpegagripfnkgrettpltvcnqsdrpiqvgshyhfaevnhglswrepgggertfkgvaygkrlhvasgssvrfepgipqpvelvriegerrvlglrgcvggdldd
>Paenibacillus_sp._Soil750  coded_by=111359..111742,organism=Paenibacillus sp. Soil750,definition=urease subunit beta
mvpgeyrtakgyiemnalrqtieiivtntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnrgldfsrelafgmrldipagtavrfepgeqkpvqlvelggaklsyglnnlsqglavkdkmpaetkarwqtwegmlgesnrs
>Streptomyces_collinus_Tu_365  coded_by=5967625..5968350,organism=Streptomyces collinus Tu 365,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaarsvlgpedvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvcdpigagtgedgpgallpgpqhtepgpavrlrvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfprersygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgitpdgstpdgstregder
>Chamaesiphon_minutus_PCC_6605  coded_by=complement(2638890..2639312),organism=Chamaesiphon minutus PCC 6605,definition=urease, beta subunit
mtniptsnaptsfpgevlcesgslqlnagretktltvanlgdrpiqvgshyhflevnralqfdrsqaygfrldipagtairfepgdtktvslvaiggtrhiqglnglvnqaldapnakemamervqrlgystiveeshgn
>Halostagnicola_sp._A56  coded_by=529..918,organism=Halostagnicola sp. A56,definition=Urease subunit beta
mvpgelepadepvvinegrettavtventgdrpvqvgshfhffesnpgllfdrneaygfrlnvpagtairfepgcerevdlvaiggdrivhgmgglvngpldedgvreraleraasygyhgvdiseddr
>Halostagnicola_sp._A56  coded_by=83765..84154,organism=Halostagnicola sp. A56,definition=Urease subunit beta
mvpgelepadepvvinegrettavtventgdrpvqvgshfhffesnpgllfdrneaygfrlnvpagtairfepgcerevdlvaiggdrivhgmgglvngpldedgvreraleraasygyhgvdiseddr
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealvnicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCI_42  coded_by=149127..149567,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCI 42,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_BJ1-GA  coded_by=complement(50561..51001),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae BJ1-GA,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_T69  coded_by=10104..10544,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae T69,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_SA1  coded_by=complement(57096..57536),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae SA1,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_DSM_30104  coded_by=1015219..1015659,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae DSM 30104,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_CG43  coded_by=3523246..3523686,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae CG43,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_KCTC_2242  coded_by=4127693..4128133,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae KCTC 2242,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_1158  coded_by=complement(855377..855817),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae 1158,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_sp._AA405  coded_by=complement(66408..66848),organism=Klebsiella sp. AA405,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(68957..69397),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=401660..402100,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=1022389..1022829,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=961327..961704,organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyiignreielnkgrktaelvvanngdrpvqvgshfhffevnrelcfdreaalgmrldipsgnavrfepgeekkvrlvmlggkqavfglnnltagrvcdpsvrqralkdaaerhfegadps
>Streptomyces_scabiei_87.22  coded_by=complement(3063323..3064003),organism=Streptomyces scabiei 87.22,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpettalvadavceaardglrlaeaidrarsllgpddvlpgvadvvrevhveavfedgsrlavvpdpvggapgdqgpggllpgaahadpgavvrltvtntagvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfaraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgeldapgareealhraaacgylgadr
>Streptomyces_scabiei  coded_by=complement(22075..22755),organism=Streptomyces scabiei,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpettalvadavceaardglrlaeaidrarsllgpddvlpgvadvvrevhveavfedgsrlavvpdpvggapgdqgpggllpgaahadpgavvrltvtntagvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfaraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgeldapgareealhraaacgylgadr
>Streptomyces_sp._WM6378  coded_by=complement(86992..87708),organism=Streptomyces sp. WM6378,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrargcllnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeavaaarlvlgsgdvlpgvpdvvteihveavfddgsrlavvsdpfgggglgarapgavlpgaeavpgpepvcvvtvrntapvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaafgmrlaepagtstrfapgtsrevplvpiggdrvvigfaglvdgpldapgakrealrraaacgylgagpnddqdleaap
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=88423..89121,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=88417..89115,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=88399..89097,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis_ATCC_15697_=_JCM_1222_=_DSM_20088  coded_by=131151..131849,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis ATCC 15697 = JCM 1222 = DSM 20088,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=88395..89093,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=88423..89121,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=88405..89103,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=27650..28348,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=88427..89125,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Sulfolobus_islandicus_HVE10/4  coded_by=988879..989535,organism=Sulfolobus islandicus HVE10/4,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltpreqekllisvaaevarrrkakglklnypeamaiivdfilesaregkpisqivkeaqelltesdvmdmvpemldtvqveatfpdgtklvtvrnpiktsekqqhvipvegeikidkeeiefevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkalkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtairfepgqtrtvkltkigggrrveglngltegsldrnkdealkrakekgft
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._mori  coded_by=complement(5379..6074),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. mori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfagtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Candidatus_Acidianus_copahuensis  coded_by=14048..14713,organism=Candidatus Acidianus copahuensis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mylspreqeklliswaaelakrrkskglklnfeeayailidyilesaregktmkeiitgaqtvlseedvmdgvpdlidivqveatfpdgtklvtirkpikssktldtfvvkdeevdlggddkgeeeievdnigdrpvqvgshfhffevnrtlrfnrekafgkrldipagtsirfepgekkvvklrniggnrrvtglngltegslnhnkeqairrakerdfs
>Vibrio_nigripulchritudo_SOn1  coded_by=complement(38177..38806),organism=Vibrio nigripulchritudo SOn1,definition=Urease subunit alpha
meltprekdkllifcagmlakqrkekglklnypesvayissailegaregrtvselmdfgrtlltsdevmegvpsmipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepitqgaassqditpgelqtpegdlainadrntlsvkvqnhgdrpiqvgshyhfyevndallfdrestkgfrlnipagtatrfepgqsrtvelveysgdktiygfqgkvmgpf
>Lysinibacillus_fusiformis  coded_by=complement(36593..36961),organism=Lysinibacillus fusiformis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkngvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Bacillus_sp._B14905  coded_by=complement(57460..57828),organism=Bacillus sp. B14905,definition=urease beta subunit
mipgeirpkngvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Lysinibacillus_sp._A1  coded_by=49533..49901,organism=Lysinibacillus sp. A1,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkngvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Lysinibacillus_fusiformis  coded_by=3726274..3726642,organism=Lysinibacillus fusiformis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkngvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Lysinibacillus_fusiformis  coded_by=complement(2637982..2638350),organism=Lysinibacillus fusiformis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkngvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Lysinibacillus_sphaericus  coded_by=161913..162281,organism=Lysinibacillus sphaericus,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkngvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Thermocrinis_albus_DSM_14484  coded_by=688541..688900,organism=Thermocrinis albus DSM 14484,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeifvddgeitlnanrktikllvknvgdrpiqvgshahffevnkylkfdrekaygyrlnipagtavrfepgmakevelvefggkrivygfnalvsgfleekreeamqkakergfls
>Sphingobacterium_sp._Ag1  coded_by=762076..762450,organism=Sphingobacterium sp. Ag1,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeffiadgyvicnegrevttievtntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkmmefdrekafgkrlniiastavrfepgetkeielvpyaggrniyghndlvngntetevakanalkkvkeqgfknkvs
>Halosimplex_carlsbadense_2-9-1  coded_by=complement(58766..59146),organism=Halosimplex carlsbadense 2-9-1,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevtargdgvrinegretaevtvantgdrpvqvgshfhffevnralsfpraeafgmrldvpagtavrfepgdrktvdlvavggdqlltgmnaltdgpvdaetkaaaldrareagfegae
>Gordonia_sp._NB4-1Y  coded_by=complement(35682..36443),organism=Gordonia sp. NB4-1Y,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarrrrnrglaltypearaliadevaeaarsgasvaeaaalgaslltdddvlpgvpdligsvqvegffddgqklvtvhdpirpgtgtvvadragdrhtpgeilfddedivinagrttcsvtvtntgdrpvqvgshfhffeanralrfdrraafgmrldipsgtairfepgadhdvelvtfggtrtitglndmtnagtvgapgpevmerlhangfldrtgasddtlgeadgtapda
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>391,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
gelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Blautia_sp._CAG:237  coded_by=complement(12111..12479),organism=Blautia sp. CAG:237,definition=urease subunit beta
mkigeiipldreitlnegkptvtvkvantgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylkfdrekaygfhldipsgtsvrfepgeekevqltaiggtkrvfglndltcaqisevnkeaalnnartkgfmpke
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_S-444  coded_by=3444..4169,organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-444,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvpapvrgavplgedapgavvpgpgapqpepalhvhvrntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgeaevglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgtgpgdpaddsadgeqa
>Streptomyces_decoyicus  coded_by=51193..51897,organism=Streptomyces decoyicus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelartrrarglqlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieaargvlgpddvlpgvaevvtevhveavfddgsrlavvpdpigagrsaagddgtpapgavlpgpadpepapavrltvrntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdpggasevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgaktealrraaacgylgaeera
>Streptosporangium_roseum_DSM_43021  coded_by=complement(3008437..3009009),organism=Streptosporangium roseum DSM 43021,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mhltpreqerltiftvaelarrrrsrgrrlnapeaialicdeileqawdgasleevvsaaqtlltagdvmdgvpslvthvqvealfpngtalvavdapfgpaagqgpgwveagegsvelnagrerrtlpvlnegdrtvyvsshfpltevnaalafdreraagmrldipagtatafppgetlevevvvrss
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..414,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
tpvexgsvklapgxvilkneditlnagkhavqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgxavrfepgeektvelidiggnxriygfnalvdrqadhdgkxlalkrakexrfgtixcgcdnk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=22506..22940,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkenieqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=<1..528,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=UreA
lglkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis  coded_by=1135643..1136299,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis,definition=Urease beta/gamma subunit
mnltptelerltvftaaemarrnlregvllshpeavalltdevmlaarknlaydevvdmaanllqakdcepgvpdlvrmvmidapfpdgtklvalidpitraeddirpgeiivgdqpvelfpgveritltvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshfyetnpalefdrraawgykldiasgggvrfepgipvqvslvpmggerviqgfsglvngpldgadqlaeqkga
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=42503..42970,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnrtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgdgvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Bacillus_methylotrophicus  coded_by=complement(3706813..3707187),organism=Bacillus methylotrophicus,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvaegtitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=549..1043,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease beta subunit
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagysdqniplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._lachrymans_str._M302278  coded_by=complement(17121..17816),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. lachrymans str. M302278,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgkrplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._lachrymans  coded_by=complement(17141..17836),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. lachrymans,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgkrplavmptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf86  coded_by=complement(35698..36318),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf86,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeaialitdavvegardgrsvselmqagahvltadqvmegiaemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapssdvpgivttlpgeivfndgaprtlltvanvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltferekargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrevslvpllgartvygfrgdvmgsl
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf91  coded_by=complement(35692..36312),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf91,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeaialitdavvegardgrsvselmqagahvltadqvmegiaemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapssdvpgivttlpgeivfndgaprtlltvanvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltferekargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrevslvpllgartvygfrgdvmgsl
>Brucella_melitensis_548  coded_by=complement(63165..63698),organism=Brucella melitensis 548,definition=urease subunit beta
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._2_str._63/9  coded_by=complement(112762..113295),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 2 str. 63/9,definition=urease beta subunit
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK22/06  coded_by=complement(266315..266848),organism=Brucella melitensis UK22/06,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F6/05-6  coded_by=complement(266315..266848),organism=Brucella melitensis F6/05-6,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F2/06-6  coded_by=complement(266316..266849),organism=Brucella melitensis F2/06-6,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_66/59  coded_by=complement(266315..266848),organism=Brucella melitensis 66/59,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_64/150  coded_by=complement(266314..266847),organism=Brucella melitensis 64/150,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK37/05  coded_by=complement(245754..246287),organism=Brucella melitensis UK37/05,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK29/05  coded_by=complement(266552..267085),organism=Brucella melitensis UK29/05,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_UK3/06  coded_by=complement(85207..85740),organism=Brucella melitensis UK3/06,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F9/05  coded_by=complement(245756..246289),organism=Brucella melitensis F9/05,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F8/01-155  coded_by=complement(245754..246287),organism=Brucella melitensis F8/01-155,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_F10/06-16  coded_by=complement(266534..267067),organism=Brucella melitensis F10/06-16,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_BG2_(S27)  coded_by=complement(266348..266881),organism=Brucella melitensis BG2 (S27),definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_M5-90  coded_by=1338213..1338746,organism=Brucella melitensis M5-90,definition=urease, beta subunit
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_NI  coded_by=1333318..1333851,organism=Brucella melitensis NI,definition=urease, beta subunit
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_M28  coded_by=1337895..1338428,organism=Brucella melitensis M28,definition=urease subunit beta
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_02-7258  coded_by=complement(266315..266848),organism=Brucella melitensis 02-7258,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_02-5863-1  coded_by=complement(266315..266848),organism=Brucella melitensis 02-5863-1,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_11-1823-3434  coded_by=complement(266440..266973),organism=Brucella melitensis 11-1823-3434,definition=urease subunit beta 2
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_ATCC_23457  coded_by=1337445..1337978,organism=Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457,definition=urease, beta subunit
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._2_str._63/9  coded_by=complement(58665..59198),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 2 str. 63/9,definition=urease, beta subunit
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=51801..52334,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=91894..92427,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(112779..113312),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=urease subunit beta
misdvpdqsaaafagehhgqgkpteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Helicobacter_pylori_Shi470  coded_by=complement(65036..65752),organism=Helicobacter pylori Shi470,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieasgklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Shi112  coded_by=complement(69564..70280),organism=Helicobacter pylori Shi112,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieasgklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._avellanae_str._ISPaVe037  coded_by=complement(61054..61749),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. avellanae str. ISPaVe037,definition=urease, beta/gamma subunit
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeifspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpresafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqyfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._Mg1  coded_by=5574616..5575377,organism=Streptomyces sp. Mg1,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllrgaaelararrarglklnvpeatalvadtvceaardgkrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrgaaglgddapgavvpgpgapqpepvlhlrvrntapvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegevglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgakaqalaraaacgylgtgeppgpdapatdetpgadrprpegnpa
>Bradyrhizobium_lablabi  coded_by=complement(49020..49457),organism=Bradyrhizobium lablabi,definition=urease subunit beta
magpkigpavagnvdpatkdvpvggyvcssaavtfdadrpvttlkvrnsgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaafglrlnipsstatrfepgderevqlvpyggkravygfnnlvdgptagkdaatvksravaqaaqrgfrsr
>Pseudomonas_cannabina  coded_by=845..1540,organism=Pseudomonas cannabina,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaimptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqaaleraraqhfkga
>Micromonospora_sp._L5  coded_by=3971415..3971930,organism=Micromonospora sp. L5,definition=urease, beta subunit
makqhpgpnskhlrpiggyklsdqplelnagrpvtevvvhntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanrflefdrpsafgkrlnipattsirfepgdrktvqlvpyggsqrvygfnglvqgwtgdgpipgyrpdraealhqaqtrgfkttsqqqdqgkgqskgqskgqgkgqdksgkgdr
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_WC-3723  coded_by=15518..16267,organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL WC-3723,definition=urease subunit gamma
mgkprrcrvvrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaveaarsvlgpedvlpgvadivtevmveavfddgsrlavvsdpigwgspreaggglgadapgallpgpehadpepvvrlrvtntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdrgpaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgtkeealrraaacgylgaapeggeer
>Methylobacterium_nodulans_ORS_2060  coded_by=443534..444154,organism=Methylobacterium nodulans ORS 2060,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnfpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmqagaqvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapsaevpgavttppgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpalhfdrekargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrevtlvpmggarevygfrgdvmgql
>Sorangium_cellulosum_So_ce56  coded_by=9116052..9116762,organism=Sorangium cellulosum So ce56,definition=urease, beta/gamma subunit
mhlaprdldklvlhgagflaqkrlargvrlnypeavaliatqilelirdgrsvaelmdvgrrllgraqvmagvpemiaevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhhpialehgdlalalygsflpvpdvslfqpagqaevtagevlvtpgevlvkpgeielspgrrrlslpvknlgdrpiqvgshypfsetnralefdrtvaagmrldipagtavrfepgdektitlvqvgphgaahaareeqqa
>Streptomyces_sp._NRRL_S-4  coded_by=complement(14728..15441),organism=Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-4,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpheqerlmihvagdvaekrrargvrlnypeamallivhvlegardgrsvaelmssgrkvlsreevmegvpemienvqveatfpdgtklvtihgpfpeagedeepavspgrvdfsprkgdevvifnerhrqlgqvtkltvenptdrpiqvgshyhfaeandgltfprrkawglrlnvpagssvrfepgiteevelvpiegdrvvhglrdkvrglpekvrgsldnvkgsfdkeqv
>Methylobacterium_tarhaniae  coded_by=17669..18289,organism=Methylobacterium tarhaniae,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdkllvamaamvarnrlsrgvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrtvaelmrlgaqvltadqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgtpatdvpgevttpdgeivfneglprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpalrfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevvlipmgggravygfrgdvmgsl
>Streptomyces_sp._PCS3-D2  coded_by=245128..245865,organism=Streptomyces sp. PCS3-D2,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaieeaccvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrgavplgddapgavvpgavvpgpgvpqpepaahlhvrntadvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgatptgagqsgpadrp
>Marinobacter_psychrophilus  coded_by=2006760..2007458,organism=Marinobacter psychrophilus,definition=Urease subunit alpha
myltptelerltiytaaklsqerrerglklsypeataiianeilegardgrsvadlishgstilntddvqlgvsqmmnmlqvegvfpdgtklvtvhdpirpgkeaipensvfpgelfpaegrieinagrktitmsalntadrpiqigshyhffeankalqfdresafgmrldipagtavrfepgqdkevtlcefggnkeiyglnnltngkisdksvrvaalkkakdnsflga
>Nitrospira_sp._1_'RAS_filter_enrichment'  coded_by=complement(340034..340603),organism=Nitrospira sp. 1 'RAS filter enrichment',definition=Urease, beta subunit (modular protein)
maagvgaasflsnsahpgmvfaaneslitrvsgagaakqkklqdattrtrealaaavkaelnapiipgeittvggdievfkgretkdltvknlgdrpiqvgshchffesnralkfdreqafgfrlaipagtavrfepgeekkvalvalagnrlaqgvngltegllddpkvkakavglaadrgfgkggar
>Methylobacterium_platani_JCM_14648  coded_by=complement(<1..547),organism=Methylobacterium platani JCM 14648,definition=hypothetical protein
mlltprekdkllvamaamvarnrlsrgvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmrlgaqvltaeqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgtpaadvpgeittpdgeivfnegaprtvvevantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpalrfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstr
>Pseudomonas_sp._Lz4W  coded_by=7816..8340,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Lz4W,definition=urease subunit beta
msskksatpasaasphqdthpdhkiphaknpggvhqgneqdvplggciyasspivfnedrpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraeafgkrlnissttairfepgdeievslvpyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwapdkltsnherpeklqaiqrardhgfkfskpak
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DM4  coded_by=1647570..1648265,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DM4,definition=urease gamma (N-terminal) and beta (C-terminal) subunits (urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunits)
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegaepdtlepgailpaegeielaagrprvsldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggereltglnnltqgkldtdaartdalarakargfkga
>Haloferax_lucentense_DSM_14919  coded_by=complement(72330..72749),organism=Haloferax lucentense DSM 14919,definition=urease subunit beta
mtgefvpgevitadgtitlnegretaevtvgntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanaalsfdreaaygmrlnipagtavrfepgdqtsvelvaiggkrrahgmngmvngsvdtdpsaaverlraagfadtgapddehgttegsse
>Methylobacterium_mesophilicum_SR1.6/6  coded_by=727253..727873,organism=Methylobacterium mesophilicum SR1.6/6,definition=urease subunit gamma
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmqaggtvltaeqvmdgvaemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaeipgavttlpgeivfnadaertvievantgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpglvfareqargkrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsggrtvygfrgdvmgkl
>Streptomyces_sp._Root1295  coded_by=complement(291352..292062),organism=Streptomyces sp. Root1295,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararrarglrlnipeataliadtvceaardghrlavaieygrsvlapddllpgvadvvteiqveavfedgsrlavvtdpfggggpgdlapgavlpgpadagsepvllltvrntapvpisvtshfhffevnprlsfdraaaygmrlavpagastrfdaggavevglvpmggartaigfaglvdghldapgakeealrraaargylgaaeahgpsgatr
>Streptomyces_sp._Root63  coded_by=complement(292273..292983),organism=Streptomyces sp. Root63,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararrarglrlnipeataliadtvceaardghrlavaieygrsvlapddllpgvadvvteiqveavfedgsrlavvtdpfggggpgdlapgavlpgpadagsepvllltvrntapvpisvtshfhffevnprlsfdraaaygmrlavpagastrfdaggavevglvpmggartaigfaglvdghldapgakeealrraaargylgaaeahgpsgatr
>Streptomyces_sp._Root1304  coded_by=362238..362936,organism=Streptomyces sp. Root1304,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaidaarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpigggglgdgapgallpgpghpetepaltlpvrntatvpvsvtshfhffevnprldfdraaaygmrlaipagasfrfdpggaaevalvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgadapeedh
>Streptomyces_sp._Root66D1  coded_by=362487..363185,organism=Streptomyces sp. Root66D1,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaidaarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpigggglgdgapgallpgpghpetepaltlpvrntatvpvsvtshfhffevnprldfdraaaygmrlaipagasfrfdpggaaevalvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakdealrraaacgylgadapeedh
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tagetis  coded_by=22344..23039,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tagetis,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilnsddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrrplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnkgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevhlvqfggsgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacksaaleraraqlfkga
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=complement(2856393..2856767),organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkpgeilcaqgnitlnegrpartlhvmntgdrpvqvgshyhffevnkalrfdraqafgfrldipsgtavrfepgeektvglvaiggarqgfglngltggalddktvrdtalarakaqgfsgvda
>Yersinia_bercovieri_ATCC_43970  coded_by=26946..27380,organism=Yersinia bercovieri ATCC 43970,definition=Urease subunit beta
msakkgtktsteentplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevqlipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Yersinia_bercovieri  coded_by=complement(17289..17723),organism=Yersinia bercovieri,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtktsteentplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevqlipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Yersinia_bercovieri  coded_by=complement(20679..21113),organism=Yersinia bercovieri,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtktsteentplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevqlipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkspk
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._aceris_str._M302273  coded_by=<1..426,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. aceris str. M302273,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
klvtvhqpirpgqlplavmptpgeilapdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqffkga
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Blattella_germanica)_str._Bge  coded_by=507166..507795,organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Blattella germanica) str. Bge,definition=urease subunit beta/gamma
mhltsyekekillhmagelakkrlkrglklnypeslalithyvmegardgktvkelmyeagnilndeqvmdgvyellnnvqieatfpdgtklvtihnpikknrkensnlipgqydlleediillpgrpriervvsntgtrpiqigshfhfyetnpallfdregtkgyrldipsgrsvrfepgetkkvilveiggskkiygfsgkentti
>Natronomonas_moolapensis_8.8.11  coded_by=complement(2429820..2430203),organism=Natronomonas moolapensis 8.8.11,definition=urease beta subunit
msdrvpgellpaddpieinagretatvtientgdrpvqvgshfhffetnpelefdreaaygmrlnvpagtairfepgserdvelvaiggdrivhgmgglvggdlddedvreraleraaeagyrgver
>Streptomyces_coelicoflavus_ZG0656  coded_by=8158..8841,organism=Streptomyces coelicoflavus ZG0656,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaverarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpvgggglgaeapgallpgpghaepeaalrlpvantatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgervevglapiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgadr
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L354  coded_by=complement(28308..28985),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L354,definition=urease subunit beta
mfltnreqeklliytasklalerknrglklnypeavaiissyiiegardgksvaqlmvdatkvlkeddvlegvasmmymvqveatfedgtklvtvhnpisydknklipgeylvdegeielnsskdiitieienkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkelsfervkaygkridipagtsvrfepgskksvnlidfagrryvsgfnglvegflddenvkvkamqnlskflge
>Bacillus_amyloliquefaciens  coded_by=422764..423138,organism=Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgiitinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqigshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Antiqua_str._E1979001  coded_by=complement(284234..284710),organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Antiqua str. E1979001,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Antiqua_str._B42003004  coded_by=complement(320951..321427),organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Antiqua str. B42003004,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Orientalis_str._MG05-1020  coded_by=226905..227381,organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Orientalis str. MG05-1020,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Antiqua_str._UG05-0454  coded_by=complement(975943..976419),organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Antiqua str. UG05-0454,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Mediaevalis_str._K1973002  coded_by=710486..710962,organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Mediaevalis str. K1973002,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_KIM_D27  coded_by=3307377..3307853,organism=Yersinia pestis KIM D27,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Angola  coded_by=3776549..3777025,organism=Yersinia pestis Angola,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_INS  coded_by=471320..471796,organism=Yersinia pestis INS,definition=urease subunit beta
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_A1122  coded_by=complement(2770203..2770679),organism=Yersinia pestis A1122,definition=urease subunit beta
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_biovar_Microtus_str._91001  coded_by=2739312..2739788,organism=Yersinia pestis biovar Microtus str. 91001,definition=urease (urea amidohydrolase) beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_PB1/+  coded_by=complement(3389504..3389980),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis PB1/+,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_YPIII  coded_by=1270544..1271020,organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis YPIII,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_9  coded_by=8193..8669,organism=Yersinia pestis 9,definition=urease subunit beta
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_S3  coded_by=6977..7453,organism=Yersinia pestis S3,definition=urease subunit beta
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_113  coded_by=8224..8700,organism=Yersinia pestis 113,definition=urease subunit beta
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_24H  coded_by=8241..8717,organism=Yersinia pestis 24H,definition=urease subunit beta
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_Z176003  coded_by=3046940..3047416,organism=Yersinia pestis Z176003,definition=urease (urea amidohydrolase) beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_D182038  coded_by=2971913..2972389,organism=Yersinia pestis D182038,definition=urease (urea amidohydrolase) beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_D106004  coded_by=complement(3019017..3019493),organism=Yersinia pestis D106004,definition=urease (urea amidohydrolase) beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pestis_KIM10+  coded_by=1386644..1387120,organism=Yersinia pestis KIM10+,definition=urease (urea amidohydrolase) beta subunit
mrvkpeliiaedssmsakkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Oceanicola_batsensis_HTCC2597  coded_by=87034..87717,organism=Oceanicola batsensis HTCC2597,definition=Urease, beta subunit:Urease, gamma subunit
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrargrslnapeavalicdeilegardgrsvaelisygstiltsddvmegvadllpmiqveavfpdgtklvtvhdpirpgsdapaerigkpgeiraedgeielnpgrdrvslivtntgdrpvqvgshyhffetnkaldfdratafgfrldipagtavrfepgqekevtlctfggnkrlsglnnltngedreaaltraraagfkga
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(387242..387676),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkdnaeqntplggciladtpiifnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_IS22  coded_by=2624..3064,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae IS22,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Escherichia_coli_909957  coded_by=23995..24435,organism=Escherichia coli 909957,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_36  coded_by=151058..151498,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 36,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_BIDMC_25  coded_by=25801..26241,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae BIDMC 25,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=149439..149879,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=395472..395912,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=401218..401658,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(4297545..4297985),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=159017..159457,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=urease subunit beta
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvpvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqvgshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=2025542..2026237,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=Urease gamma and beta subunits
mlltptelerltifnaaelsrrrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadlishgstilttddvlpgiaammdiiqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaagsaadperpgeikaqagqlalnagrrsitltavntgdrpiqigshfhffevnkalefdraaafnmrldipagtavrfepgaskqvslvefggrqhlsglnnltdgaaadpavrnaalarakargfrga
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._Fw109-5  coded_by=4736463..4737236,organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mhlspreidkltlhqagvlaqkrlarglrlnhpeavaliatqllelvrdgrrvaelmdlgrrmlgrrqvlpgvpelvsevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhhpiaaahgdlalalygsflpvpplsafaeapaaapeeaipgevlpapgevvlndgreaiqvavtnladrpvqvgshyhfaevnpllrfdraraygrrldlpagmavrfepgetrtvalveiagrrivrggnalatgpvseegrrriveearrrgfaheeer
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._avellanae_str._ISPaVe013  coded_by=complement(30398..31093),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. avellanae str. ISPaVe013,definition=urease, beta/gamma subunit
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngdrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpresafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaaleraraqhfkga
>Methylobacterium_aquaticum  coded_by=2009741..2010361,organism=Methylobacterium aquaticum,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdkllvamaamvarnrlargvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmrlgaqvltadqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgtpatdvpgevttpdgeivfnegaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpalrfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevvlipmgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Candidatus_Nitrosopumilus_sp._AR2  coded_by=complement(1287380..1287748),organism=Candidatus Nitrosopumilus sp. AR2,definition=urea amidohydrolase beta subunit
mfpgeyftsdepitahvgksttsvsvrntgdrpiqvgshthffevnkalefprkqsygyhlnipagtsvrfepgetkeieltefggkkivygfsglvngnldekkeeafkkaiekgfkgmts
>Yersinia_intermedia  coded_by=28564..28998,organism=Yersinia intermedia,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkataetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Yersinia_massiliensis  coded_by=complement(227758..228192),organism=Yersinia massiliensis,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkstkataetntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfkssk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..540,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
qegrtwlkkenvmxgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._tabaci_str._ATCC_11528  coded_by=223..>678,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. tabaci str. ATCC 11528,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhff
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealayicyelmelarknlsvsalmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._photiniae  coded_by=complement(31100..31522),organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. photiniae,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._XY511  coded_by=complement(<1..672),organism=Streptomyces sp. XY511,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrvceaardgrrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrgavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvvhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealr
>Haloarcula_quadrata  coded_by=765..1181,organism=Haloarcula quadrata,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnegrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgetgdavermraagfgdtgeaapddgdtepdq
>Helicobacter_suis  coded_by=<1..515,organism=Helicobacter suis,definition=urease UreA
addvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..514,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
addvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdkhhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakakhfgtvncgcdhenk
>Thermodesulfatator_indicus_DSM_15286  coded_by=complement(1207697..1208065),organism=Thermodesulfatator indicus DSM 15286,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkpgelflsdeeiilnqgktitkikvinngdrpiqvgshfhffeankylkfdrklaygkrlnipaggavrfevgeekevelidisgkryirgfnglvngflddltvkenafnkakklgfmee
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealvnicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsigikvsnkgdrpiqigshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L355  coded_by=complement(28259..28936),organism=Arcobacter butzleri L355,definition=urease subunit beta
mfltnreqeklliytasklalerknrglklnypeavaiissyiiegardgksvaqlmvdatkilkeddvlegvasmmymvqveatfedgtklvtvhnpipydknklipgeylvdegeielnsskdiitieienrgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkelsfervkaygkridipagtsvrfepgskksvnlidfagrryvsgfnglvegflddenvkvkamqnlskflge
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis_str._MC2_155  coded_by=1157081..1157737,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis str. MC2 155,definition=urease gamma/beta subunit
mnltptelerltvftaaemarrnlregvllshpeavalltdevmlaarknlaydevvdmaanllqakdcepgvpdlvrmvmidapfpdgtklvalidpitpaeddirpgeiivgdqpvelfpgveritltvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshfyetnpalefdrraawgykldiasgggvrfepgipvevslvpmggarviqgfsglvngpldgadqlteqkga
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis_str._MC2_155  coded_by=1158695..1159351,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis str. MC2 155,definition=Urease beta/gamma subunit
mnltptelerltvftaaemarrnlregvllshpeavalltdevmlaarknlaydevvdmaanllqakdcepgvpdlvrmvmidapfpdgtklvalidpitpaeddirpgeiivgdqpvelfpgveritltvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshfyetnpalefdrraawgykldiasgggvrfepgipvevslvpmggarviqgfsglvngpldgadqlteqkga
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis  coded_by=1157108..1157764,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis,definition=hypothetical protein
mnltptelerltvftaaemarrnlregvllshpeavalltdevmlaarknlaydevvdmaanllqakdcepgvpdlvrmvmidapfpdgtklvalidpitpaeddirpgeiivgdqpvelfpgveritltvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshfyetnpalefdrraawgykldiasgggvrfepgipvevslvpmggarviqgfsglvngpldgadqlteqkga
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis  coded_by=1157105..1157761,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis,definition=hypothetical protein
mnltptelerltvftaaemarrnlregvllshpeavalltdevmlaarknlaydevvdmaanllqakdcepgvpdlvrmvmidapfpdgtklvalidpitpaeddirpgeiivgdqpvelfpgveritltvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshfyetnpalefdrraawgykldiasgggvrfepgipvevslvpmggarviqgfsglvngpldgadqlteqkga
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis_str._MC2_155  coded_by=1157095..1157751,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis str. MC2 155,definition=hypothetical protein
mnltptelerltvftaaemarrnlregvllshpeavalltdevmlaarknlaydevvdmaanllqakdcepgvpdlvrmvmidapfpdgtklvalidpitpaeddirpgeiivgdqpvelfpgveritltvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshfyetnpalefdrraawgykldiasgggvrfepgipvevslvpmggarviqgfsglvngpldgadqlteqkga
>Helicobacter_bizzozeronii_CCUG_35545  coded_by=complement(29922..30584),organism=Helicobacter bizzozeronii CCUG 35545,definition=Urease beta subunit
mranwlkkrkangvklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedgghklapgevilkneditlnagkqattlevhnkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllefdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgekktveliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadtdgkklalkrakehgfgvvncgcdkk
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._maculicola  coded_by=complement(29313..30008),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. maculicola,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvseligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._maculicola_str._M6  coded_by=complement(4702..5397),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. maculicola str. M6,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvseligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspnsdiqlnngrpiatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackraaleraraqhfkga
>Sphingobacterium_sp._IITKGP-BTPF85  coded_by=complement(6257..6631),organism=Sphingobacterium sp. IITKGP-BTPF85,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeyfiqdgdiicnegrevttltvvntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdralafgkrlniiastavrfepgeskivelvpyagarrvyghndlvngdtetevgkmnalkkadangfknkks
>Sphingobacterium_sp._IITKGP-BTPF85  coded_by=complement(6257..6631),organism=Sphingobacterium sp. IITKGP-BTPF85,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeyfiqdgdiicnegrevttltvvntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdralafgkrlniiastavrfepgeskivelvpyagarrvyghndlvngdtetevgkmnalkkadangfknkks
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..>412,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
angklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Haloferax_sp._ATCC_BAA-646  coded_by=complement(179312..179710),organism=Haloferax sp. ATCC BAA-646,definition=urease subunit beta
memtgdfvpgevipgdgtvtlnegretaevpvgnagdrpvqvgshfhffeanaalsfdrerafgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelvalggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdpgaalerareagfgdtglggde
>Bacillus_sonorensis_L12  coded_by=498134..498508,organism=Bacillus sonorensis L12,definition=protein UreB
mkpgayqiadgmisinegratkeikvkntgtrsiqigshfhfaeanralafdreaslgmrlnipsgtsvrfepgeektvqlvelvgrrtvrglngmtetfldergkeqalnrlksagwiegvkr
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=21228..21944,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=21414..22130,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-9  coded_by=complement(61815..62531),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-9,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-16  coded_by=complement(61168..61884),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-16,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-30  coded_by=complement(321384..322100),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-30,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Campylobacter_jejuni  coded_by=1..717,organism=Campylobacter jejuni,definition=26 kDa protein
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Campylobacter_jejuni  coded_by=1..717,organism=Campylobacter jejuni,definition=26 kDa protein
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-9  coded_by=complement(101014..101730),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-9,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-74  coded_by=complement(277843..278559),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-74,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-15  coded_by=complement(278616..279332),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-15,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-28  coded_by=complement(36998..37714),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-28,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4200  coded_by=complement(299789..300505),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4200,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_PZ5056  coded_by=3132..3848,organism=Helicobacter pylori PZ5056,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-45  coded_by=complement(288043..288759),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-45,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_P79  coded_by=4182..4898,organism=Helicobacter pylori P79,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_B128  coded_by=complement(5266..5982),organism=Helicobacter pylori B128,definition=hypothetical protein
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease alpha subunit (ureA) (urea amidohydrolase)
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_G27  coded_by=1..717,organism=Helicobacter pylori G27,definition=urease alpha subunit (ureA) (urea amidohydrolase)
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_ELS37  coded_by=complement(75387..76103),organism=Helicobacter pylori ELS37,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Lithuania75  coded_by=complement(71232..71948),organism=Helicobacter pylori Lithuania75,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HPAG1  coded_by=complement(74918..75634),organism=Helicobacter pylori HPAG1,definition=urease A
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_P12  coded_by=complement(76916..77632),organism=Helicobacter pylori P12,definition=urease A subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=2659..3375,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=H.pylori urease (ureA, ureB, ureC, ureD) genes, complete cds
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_26695  coded_by=complement(77240..77956),organism=Helicobacter pylori 26695,definition=urease alpha subunit (ureA) (urea amidohydrolase)
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=1084..1800,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=urease A
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_UMB_G1  coded_by=complement(290633..291349),organism=Helicobacter pylori UMB_G1,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-11  coded_by=complement(311672..312388),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-11,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_R046Wa  coded_by=complement(290358..291074),organism=Helicobacter pylori R046Wa,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_R055a  coded_by=complement(237829..238545),organism=Helicobacter pylori R055a,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_R056a  coded_by=complement(329401..330117),organism=Helicobacter pylori R056a,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_R036d  coded_by=complement(64223..64939),organism=Helicobacter pylori R036d,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_R32b  coded_by=806801..807517,organism=Helicobacter pylori R32b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_R018c  coded_by=complement(243396..244112),organism=Helicobacter pylori R018c,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_FD703  coded_by=complement(784..1500),organism=Helicobacter pylori FD703,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(401469..402185),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_J166  coded_by=complement(75358..76074),organism=Helicobacter pylori J166,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_BM012S  coded_by=complement(401437..402153),organism=Helicobacter pylori BM012S,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_BM012A  coded_by=complement(401426..402142),organism=Helicobacter pylori BM012A,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_X47-2AL  coded_by=8371..9087,organism=Helicobacter pylori X47-2AL,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HUP-B14  coded_by=complement(71480..72196),organism=Helicobacter pylori HUP-B14,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_SJM180  coded_by=complement(77824..78540),organism=Helicobacter pylori SJM180,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_26695  coded_by=complement(77240..77956),organism=Helicobacter pylori 26695,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(77240..77956),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_XZ274  coded_by=complement(94320..95036),organism=Helicobacter pylori XZ274,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Rif2  coded_by=complement(77241..77957),organism=Helicobacter pylori Rif2,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Rif1  coded_by=complement(77240..77956),organism=Helicobacter pylori Rif1,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-15b  coded_by=complement(279408..280124),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-15b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-62  coded_by=complement(78140..78856),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-62,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-27  coded_by=complement(22242..22958),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-27,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-26  coded_by=complement(100338..101054),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-26,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-14  coded_by=complement(39529..40245),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-14,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4110  coded_by=complement(253696..254412),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4110,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(23029..23745),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(45675..46391),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(66449..67165),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=8231..8947,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_B8  coded_by=1463865..1464581,organism=Helicobacter pylori B8,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_26695-1  coded_by=complement(77240..77956),organism=Helicobacter pylori 26695-1,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(138646..139362),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(15080..15796),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(172331..173047),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki102  coded_by=complement(124773..125489),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki102,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=10212..10928,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Singulisphaera_acidiphila_DSM_18658  coded_by=612523..612900,organism=Singulisphaera acidiphila DSM 18658,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyifdgpdlelnagipvvtlsvnntgdrpiqvgshyhffetnralvfdrekaygmrldlpsgtsvrlepgdvkevrlipyggrrkvygfnglvsgrledpytrqtslkrcmdegyghksse
>Singulisphaera_acidiphila_DSM_18658  coded_by=1611723..1612100,organism=Singulisphaera acidiphila DSM 18658,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyifdgpdlelnagipvvtlsvnntgdrpiqvgshyhffetnralvfdrekaygmrldlpsgtsvrlepgdvkevrlipyggrrkvygfnglvsgrledpytrqtslkrcmdegyghksse
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf123  coded_by=complement(116687..117382),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf123,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltiftaaelarkrrarglklnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttgdvmpgvasmmpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepiraaegaepdtlepgailpadgeielgagrprvsldvvntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrksvtlvgfggakeltglnnltqgkldtdaaradalarakargfkga
>Mycobacterium_gilvum_Spyr1  coded_by=complement(1079669..1080376),organism=Mycobacterium gilvum Spyr1,definition=urease, beta subunit/urease, gamma subunit
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkhrsaglalsyaearaliadevveaaragasvagaaahgatvltdddvlpgvrsllgsvqveaffadgqklvtvhdaigpgrtpaaeptvtpgeilpcdgelelnagrevatvvvdntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralrfdravafgmrldipsgtavrfepgeqqevsltsyggertvigqndvtnadtsgtpgpelmarmrdlgfldapgri
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM244Ai  coded_by=complement(46677..47435),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM244Ai,definition=urease, beta subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpietngklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..483,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
hevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Hungatella_hathewayi  coded_by=123909..124550,organism=Hungatella hathewayi,definition=urea amidohydrolase
mrltpkeeeklmlhlagnlakerrsrglklnyaeavaylssellelardgrsvtelmekgrgilnaddvmdgvadmveavqveatfpdgtklvtvhnpigpgiskrtdrksgevitqdrdiilnegresksvtvanigdrpiqvgshfhffevnkllkfdrdeafgfrldipsgtsvrfepgeekkvqlvelggkklvygcndltrgkaerrk
>Microlunatus_phosphovorus_NM-1  coded_by=complement(3332666..3333298),organism=Microlunatus phosphovorus NM-1,definition=urease gamma/beta subunit
mhltpaeteklllsvagmvardrlargvrlnypeavallstwvieraregalvadlmeegrevlgpgdvmdgvagmlaevqveatfpdgrklvtihdpvgagiepadipggvrtgegevvlnqgrdmivlvienigdrpiqvgshlhlpdanaalafdreaargfrldipagtsrrfepgasrevvavalagarrvpgiqpgktpaevql
>Yersinia_kristensenii  coded_by=32260..32754,organism=Yersinia kristensenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mstkanttkastakttstktnrgtksstayseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Natrinema_versiforme_JCM_10478  coded_by=108776..109162,organism=Natrinema versiforme JCM 10478,definition=urease subunit beta
msefvpgellpsdepvtinegrptetvtventgdrpvqvgshfhflevnpglefdreaaygmrldipagtavrfepgcerdvdlvdiggdrivrgmgglvdghlddegakaaaverarergyisggde
>Arcobacter_butzleri_L348  coded_by=8547..9224,organism=Arcobacter butzleri L348,definition=urease subunit beta
mfltnreqeklliyiasklalerkerglklnypeavaiissyiiegardgksvaqlmvdatkvlkeddvlegvasmmymvqveatfedgtklvtvhnpipydknklipgeylvdegdielnsskdiitieienrgdrpvqvgshyhffevnkelsfervkaygkridipagtsvrfepgskksvnlidfsgrryvsgfnglvegflddevtkakamqnlskflge
>Flavobacterium_aquidurense  coded_by=complement(279062..279436),organism=Flavobacterium aquidurense,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeifikegdiilneyrettsikvvntgdrpiqigshfhffevnkamefdrkaafcmrlnipagtavrfepgehkevnlvkiggnrkiiglnnlvngdanssqnkklalqlvdklnfktisk
>Taphrina_deformans_PYCC_5710  coded_by=join(27507..27571,27622..28339),organism=Taphrina deformans PYCC 5710,definition=Urease
mqltprehdklivaqvghlaqrrlargvrlnrseataliasqlhelirdgdhtvaqlmnegkkmlgrkhvlpsvvaalheimvegtfkdgtylvtvhqpicsddgnlekalrgsflpvpdaslfklaeadeykpinqpgairirpgkivlnagkertrikitntgdrpiqvgshyhlvetnpalsfdrglaygkrldvpagtavrfepgdvktvscveisgkkiitggnnlasgqfdasripklledcasrgfkhvaata
>Natronococcus_jeotgali_DSM_18795  coded_by=994..1407,organism=Natronococcus jeotgali DSM 18795,definition=urease subunit beta
msgivpgellpadepvringgretttvtventgdrpvqvgshfhffeinpglrfdrersygyrlnvpagtavrfepgqkrevelvaiggdrivrgmsglvegplddeevreraterarergflgigaeesavggner
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Periplaneta_americana)_str._BPLAN  coded_by=complement(145240..145881),organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Periplaneta americana) str. BPLAN,definition=bifunctional urease gamma/beta subunit
mhltsyekekiilhmagelakkrlerglklnypesvalithyvmegardgktvkelmfeagnllhydqvmdgvyemlnnvqveatfpdgtklvtihhpikksikknssnnnmmipgqydllkeeisllpgrpriervvsnvgnrpiqigshfhfyetnaalhfdrngtkgyrldipsgrsirfepgetkevilvkiggsqkiygfsgkentki
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=<1..480,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=UreA
evgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Myxococcus_sp._(contaminant_ex_DSM_436)  coded_by=complement(18694..19467),organism=Myxococcus sp. (contaminant ex DSM 436),definition=urease, gamma subunit protein
mhlsprdvdklllhqagflaqkrlargvrlnypetvaliatqllefirdgkgvaelmdlgrqllgraqvmdgvpemlaevqvegtfpdgsklvtvhhpvvaehgdlalalygsflpvpplerfaaasapppegrpgevrvqpgevvlndgrdtvtirvthrgdrpiqvgshypffetnralvfdraraygrrlnipagtavrfepgeqktvqlvaiagdavvrggnalgsgkvtpegreraleavraqgfgheeers
>Myxococcus_sp._(contaminant_ex_DSM_436)  coded_by=7636527..7637300,organism=Myxococcus sp. (contaminant ex DSM 436),definition=Urease beta subunit
mhlsprdvdklllhqagflaqkrlargvrlnypetvaliatqllefirdgkgvaelmdlgrqllgraqvmdgvpemlaevqvegtfpdgsklvtvhhpvvaehgdlalalygsflpvpplerfaaasapppegrpgevrvqpgevvlndgrdtvtirvthrgdrpiqvgshypffetnralvfdraraygrrlnipagtavrfepgeqktvqlvaiagdavvrggnalgsgkvtpegreraleavraqgfgheeers
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root552  coded_by=complement(2680..3381),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root552,definition=hypothetical protein
myltkkesdrllvfvaaelarrrrasglrlnlpearaiiadaihegarqgksvselmafgrtilnaeevqsgvvsllemlmvepmfpdgqklvcvhdpvsppqdveeeeepgcyrlaedgieinvgrattqvvvrnmgdrpiqigshfhffevnpeldfdrvaafgfrldipagttvrfepgdektvdlvaiggdrrveglnsltegllddpevkhraiaraaaegfrgaqng
>Metallosphaera_sedula  coded_by=complement(822378..823025),organism=Metallosphaera sedula,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mfltpreqekllitvaaevarrrkakglklnyvealsiitdfvlesaregkpmsqiikeaqnllteddvmemvpsmlevvqveatfpdgtklvtirnpipgrsnhiitaegeieiakdevelevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtsvrfepgqarvvklrpiggarrveglngltegslhskeqaiqrakergft
>Metallosphaera_sedula_DSM_5348  coded_by=complement(822393..823040),organism=Metallosphaera sedula DSM 5348,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mfltpreqekllitvaaevarrrkakglklnyvealsiitdfvlesaregkpmsqiikeaqnllteddvmemvpsmlevvqveatfpdgtklvtirnpipgrsnhiitaegeieiakdevelevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtsvrfepgqarvvklrpiggarrveglngltegslhskeqaiqrakergft
>Metallosphaera_sedula  coded_by=complement(822409..823056),organism=Metallosphaera sedula,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mfltpreqekllitvaaevarrrkakglklnyvealsiitdfvlesaregkpmsqiikeaqnllteddvmemvpsmlevvqveatfpdgtklvtirnpipgrsnhiitaegeieiakdevelevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtsvrfepgqarvvklrpiggarrveglngltegslhskeqaiqrakergft
>Metallosphaera_sedula  coded_by=complement(822409..823056),organism=Metallosphaera sedula,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mfltpreqekllitvaaevarrrkakglklnyvealsiitdfvlesaregkpmsqiikeaqnllteddvmemvpsmlevvqveatfpdgtklvtirnpipgrsnhiitaegeieiakdevelevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtsvrfepgqarvvklrpiggarrveglngltegslhskeqaiqrakergft
>Metallosphaera_sedula  coded_by=complement(822407..823054),organism=Metallosphaera sedula,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mfltpreqekllitvaaevarrrkakglklnyvealsiitdfvlesaregkpmsqiikeaqnllteddvmemvpsmlevvqveatfpdgtklvtirnpipgrsnhiitaegeieiakdevelevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtsvrfepgqarvvklrpiggarrveglngltegslhskeqaiqrakergft
>Metallosphaera_sedula  coded_by=complement(822409..823056),organism=Metallosphaera sedula,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mfltpreqekllitvaaevarrrkakglklnyvealsiitdfvlesaregkpmsqiikeaqnllteddvmemvpsmlevvqveatfpdgtklvtirnpipgrsnhiitaegeieiakdevelevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtsvrfepgqarvvklrpiggarrveglngltegslhskeqaiqrakergft
>Metallosphaera_sedula  coded_by=complement(822409..823056),organism=Metallosphaera sedula,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mfltpreqekllitvaaevarrrkakglklnyvealsiitdfvlesaregkpmsqiikeaqnllteddvmemvpsmlevvqveatfpdgtklvtirnpipgrsnhiitaegeieiakdevelevtntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralkfdrekafgmrlaipsgtsvrfepgqarvvklrpiggarrveglngltegslhskeqaiqrakergft
>Micromonospora_sp._NRRL_B-16802  coded_by=97815..98276,organism=Micromonospora sp. NRRL B-16802,definition=urease subunit beta
mtkqhpgpnskhlrpiggyilsdqplelnegrpvtevvvqntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrmlafdreaafgkrlnipattsirfepgdkktvelipfagvqrvygfnglvqgwtgsqsapsyrpdrteaihnartrgfkfgpeqqddskgkkk
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf456  coded_by=409442..410137,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf456,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltifsaaelarkrrarglrlnypeavaiitdeilegardgrsvadligwgstilttddvmpgiaammpilqvecvfpdgtklvtvhepirpaegsepdtlepgailplegdielsagrprvtldvtntgdrpvqigshyhffevnraldfdrakalgfrldipagtavrfepgqrktvtltgfggakeltglnnltqgrldsdaaradalarakargfkga
>Thermincola_potens_JR  coded_by=602695..603087,organism=Thermincola potens JR,definition=urease, beta subunit
mipgeyilgkgeieankgrktvqitvantgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkflefdrakalgmrlnipagtavrfepgeekdvtlveiggkktvyglngltegavrsaatadcaiekavrgkfkgaqkpclgkk
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY1124  coded_by=81073..81789,organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY1124,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksndnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY1124  coded_by=complement(99019..99735),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY1124,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksndnyvktike
>Clostridium_butyricum_DKU-01  coded_by=134590..134955,organism=Clostridium butyricum DKU-01,definition=urea amidohydrolase
mipgeiisakesiminkdgktkniivknigdrpiqvgshfhffevnkylkfkreeaygyrldiasgtavrfesgeekevslveilgykrirglnnltdaqinattleismekaqlknflnd
>Candidatus_Halobonum_tyrrellensis_G22  coded_by=182334..182783,organism=Candidatus Halobonum tyrrellensis G22,definition=urease subunit beta
msertvpgelvtgdgtvtlnegretaevrvantgdrpvqvgshfhffeanaalafdraaafgrrlnvpagtavrfepgdeqtvelvdiggkrrahgmnglvngtvgtdrnldaalerlrdagfadtgapddgdgasgpdgtpddaeggs
>Streptomyces_auratus_AGR0001  coded_by=34035..34715,organism=Streptomyces auratus AGR0001,definition=urease subunit gamma
mihvaadvaekrrargtrlnypetvalltvhvlegaregrtvadlmssgrklltrdevmegvpemikyvqveatfpdgtklvtihdpfpevgedeagivspgkvdfspaeddefvlfnegrevtrlkvrnptdrpvqvgshyhfaeanaglkfnrreawgkrlnvpagssvrfepnieepvdlvpiegkrvvhglrgttdglpekidgslddtrgefdedweeldd
>Streptomyces_sp._XY533  coded_by=2976..>3623,organism=Streptomyces sp. XY533,definition=urease subunit gamma
mpltpterdrlllftaaelararrtrglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadivtevmveavfedgsrlaavgdpfgahsrhdgapgavlpgsdtvealapalvlsvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavaagsstrfdpgstaevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealr
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(288068..288784),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisthimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM119Bi  coded_by=complement(5339..6055),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM119Bi,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisthimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Alistipes_finegoldii_DSM_17242  coded_by=complement(1130919..1131446),organism=Alistipes finegoldii DSM 17242,definition=urease, beta subunit
mntknpapaknqaqaaslypnkpgfkpakpvvvggeilmnvpieyntgrktvklvvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylefdrdaafgchlnipattairfepgdqkevevvaysgkrrvigfnglvmgytgdedaptyfparmhavrkarhagfknisesdaeaamkksnntkk
>Helicobacter_pylori_CG-IMSS-2012  coded_by=complement(1790..2506),organism=Helicobacter pylori CG-IMSS-2012,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM117Ai  coded_by=complement(5347..6063),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM117Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY1313  coded_by=complement(76460..77176),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY1313,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4216  coded_by=complement(257737..258453),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4216,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-16  coded_by=complement(363819..364535),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-16,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-30  coded_by=complement(156931..157647),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-30,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-25c  coded_by=complement(163245..163961),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-25c,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-25d  coded_by=complement(296381..297097),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-25d,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-1  coded_by=complement(275276..275992),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-1,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-4  coded_by=complement(150642..151358),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-4,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-8b  coded_by=complement(156891..157607),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-8b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-1b  coded_by=complement(292610..293326),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-1b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-4d  coded_by=complement(299558..300274),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-4d,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-3  coded_by=complement(155222..155938),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-3,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-8  coded_by=complement(154900..155616),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-8,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-13b  coded_by=complement(53135..53851),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-13b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_M9  coded_by=complement(64604..65320),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp M9,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_M1  coded_by=complement(257760..258476),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp M1,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_M6  coded_by=complement(288668..289384),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp M6,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-17  coded_by=complement(152734..153450),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-17,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-5  coded_by=complement(155932..156648),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-5,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-4  coded_by=complement(158641..159357),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-4,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-36  coded_by=complement(190582..191298),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-36,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-10  coded_by=complement(143971..144687),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-10,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-20  coded_by=complement(144262..144978),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-20,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-18  coded_by=complement(157225..157941),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-18,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-23  coded_by=complement(202351..203067),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-23,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-4  coded_by=complement(262957..263673),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-4,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4044  coded_by=complement(149911..150627),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4044,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_M4  coded_by=complement(259309..260025),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp M4,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-41  coded_by=complement(216027..216743),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-41,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-6  coded_by=complement(125700..126416),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-6,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-8  coded_by=391651..392367,organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-8,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-24b  coded_by=complement(155421..156137),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-24b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4053  coded_by=complement(139935..140651),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4053,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_A-16  coded_by=complement(154915..155631),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp A-16,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4161  coded_by=complement(203120..203836),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4161,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_PZ5004  coded_by=complement(764..1480),organism=Helicobacter pylori PZ5004,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_PZ5026  coded_by=complement(450..1166),organism=Helicobacter pylori PZ5026,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_PZ5024  coded_by=1180..1896,organism=Helicobacter pylori PZ5024,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-13  coded_by=complement(162538..163254),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-13,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NQ4099  coded_by=complement(163487..164203),organism=Helicobacter pylori NQ4099,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-3  coded_by=complement(160350..161066),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-3,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_NCTC_11637_=_CCUG_17874  coded_by=complement(849..1565),organism=Helicobacter pylori NCTC 11637 = CCUG 17874,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-24c  coded_by=complement(152821..153537),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-24c,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_98-10  coded_by=3997..4713,organism=Helicobacter pylori 98-10,definition=hypothetical protein
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Puno135  coded_by=complement(72799..73515),organism=Helicobacter pylori Puno135,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Gambia94/24  coded_by=complement(78151..78867),organism=Helicobacter pylori Gambia94/24,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_F30  coded_by=1304109..1304825,organism=Helicobacter pylori F30,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_F16  coded_by=complement(87415..88131),organism=Helicobacter pylori F16,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250BFiii  coded_by=complement(66927..67643),organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250BFiii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP260Bi  coded_by=complement(52429..53145),organism=Helicobacter pylori HP260Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250AFiii  coded_by=32819..33535,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250AFiii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250AFiV  coded_by=21091..21807,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250AFiV,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250BFi  coded_by=8481..9197,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250BFi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250BFii  coded_by=complement(66922..67638),organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250BFii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250BFiV  coded_by=complement(9035..9751),organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250BFiV,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM254Ai  coded_by=21690..22406,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM254Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP250AFii  coded_by=8554..9270,organism=Helicobacter pylori HP250AFii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM260Bi  coded_by=complement(52319..53035),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM260Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAMchJs136i  coded_by=complement(67893..68609),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAMchJs136i,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM263BFi  coded_by=21399..22115,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM263BFi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM265BSii  coded_by=4751..5467,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM265BSii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM93Bi  coded_by=8899..9615,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM93Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM42Ai  coded_by=8063..8779,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM42Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM252Bi  coded_by=21083..21799,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM252Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM210Bi  coded_by=complement(23659..24375),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM210Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM250T  coded_by=complement(48996..49712),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM250T,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM250AFi  coded_by=21091..21807,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM250AFi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM252T  coded_by=21085..21801,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM252T,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM105Ai  coded_by=21531..22247,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM105Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM246Ai  coded_by=33042..33758,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM246Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM103Bi  coded_by=complement(15481..16197),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM103Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM120Ai  coded_by=complement(130238..130954),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM120Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM118Bi  coded_by=41991..42707,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM118Bi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM112Ai  coded_by=complement(5331..6047),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM112Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM114Ai  coded_by=complement(5338..6054),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM114Ai,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CCHI_33  coded_by=complement(157044..157760),organism=Helicobacter pylori CCHI 33,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY1662  coded_by=complement(46794..47510),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY1662,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_R030b  coded_by=complement(155661..156377),organism=Helicobacter pylori R030b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Puno120  coded_by=complement(70411..71127),organism=Helicobacter pylori Puno120,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_SouthAfrica7  coded_by=complement(75132..75848),organism=Helicobacter pylori SouthAfrica7,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_PeCan18  coded_by=complement(75635..76351),organism=Helicobacter pylori PeCan18,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_J99  coded_by=complement(74744..75460),organism=Helicobacter pylori J99,definition=UREASE ALPHA SUBUNIT
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_PeCan4  coded_by=complement(69282..69998),organism=Helicobacter pylori PeCan4,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_v225d  coded_by=complement(69164..69880),organism=Helicobacter pylori v225d,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_M5  coded_by=complement(287736..288452),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp M5,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_M3  coded_by=complement(260111..260827),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp M3,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_M2  coded_by=complement(126625..127341),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp M2,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-11b  coded_by=complement(157237..157953),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-11b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-5b  coded_by=complement(155486..156202),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-5b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-4c  coded_by=complement(297250..297966),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-4c,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-3b  coded_by=complement(63059..63775),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-3b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-25  coded_by=complement(296284..297000),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-25,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-11  coded_by=complement(94436..95152),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-11,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-34  coded_by=complement(368897..369613),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-34,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-23  coded_by=complement(259036..259752),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-23,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-19  coded_by=complement(288140..288856),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-19,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-6  coded_by=complement(157891..158607),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-6,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-44  coded_by=complement(150616..151332),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-44,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-42  coded_by=complement(96558..97274),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-42,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-41  coded_by=complement(127833..128549),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-41,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-29  coded_by=complement(160533..161249),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-29,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-27  coded_by=complement(276367..277083),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-27,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_H-24  coded_by=complement(257817..258533),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp H-24,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY1962  coded_by=complement(288679..289395),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY1962,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_J99  coded_by=980605..981321,organism=Helicobacter pylori J99,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=32150..32866,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(84761..85477),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(146123..146839),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki898  coded_by=complement(124877..125593),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki898,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki673  coded_by=complement(75624..76340),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki673,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki154  coded_by=complement(75617..76333),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki154,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki128  coded_by=complement(75741..76457),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki128,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_oki112  coded_by=complement(124609..125325),organism=Helicobacter pylori oki112,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(46810..47526),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=complement(249831..250547),organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis  coded_by=1..699,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis,definition=urease gamma subunit
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemiseveveatfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsepialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis_EK3  coded_by=complement(167666..168364),organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis EK3,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mrltpretdklllhlagelakerrgrgvklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemiseveveatfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsepialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Bifidobacterium_subtile  coded_by=88040..88720,organism=Bifidobacterium subtile,definition=urease gamma subunit
mrltpretdklmlyvagrlaedrkargvklnyveavaliasqcveraregsivaelmaygrtllkpedvmdgvaemldvveveatfpdgtklisihnpietteqlvpgeylladddlelndgtdaieldvvntadrpiqigshfhffevnkylkfdrkaaygkrldiaagtavrfepgeahrvrlidiggtreihgfnalvegklddptvreaafakaheqgflgi
>Nitrososphaera_viennensis_EN76  coded_by=1274496..1274861,organism=Nitrososphaera viennensis EN76,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeyfiasdkpvtansgrkttgikvtntgnrpvqvgshthffevnkallfprekaygfhlnipsgtslrfepgdtrqvelveyggrktvygfsglvngklsmkkrqalakakargfaga
>Helicobacter_pylori_Sat464  coded_by=complement(62682..63398),organism=Helicobacter pylori Sat464,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahvmeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggsrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgvksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY3281  coded_by=complement(59384..60100),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY3281,definition=urease subunit alpha 18
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkksaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkaisvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_baculiformis  coded_by=<1..423,organism=Helicobacter baculiformis,definition=UreA
tihtpvedngklapgevflkeeditinagkesisvkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkrvygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvsccdstkk
>Bradyrhizobium_oligotrophicum_S58  coded_by=4075854..4076552,organism=Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum S58,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mmnlspteldrlvifnaaqmarrnrslgiklshpeavayitdevmtaarrnlpyaeirdmagrllttddvepgvaqmipmlyvelmfaegtkvmalfepiqpaegavhdatvageiiegagdiemftalpavsidvvntgdrdiqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkidrpaglgmrfepgifksvrlvpimgdrivrgqaglvngpldapgardaalklaqsrgylga
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._palearctica_PhRBD_Ye1  coded_by=complement(11547..12041),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. palearctica PhRBD_Ye1,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._palearctica_YE-P1  coded_by=40410..40904,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. palearctica YE-P1,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._palearctica_YE-P4  coded_by=38428..38922,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. palearctica YE-P4,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._palearctica_YE-150  coded_by=40232..40726,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. palearctica YE-150,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._palearctica_YE-149  coded_by=40339..40833,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. palearctica YE-149,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=416..910,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=YeuB
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._enterocolitica_8081  coded_by=1075938..1076432,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. enterocolitica 8081,definition=urease beta subunit
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=405385..405879,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=30977..31471,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=6524..7018,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(45595..46089),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(297701..298195),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11551..12045),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=39292..39786,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=25927..26421,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11685..12179),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31164..31658,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=949..1443,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11551..12045),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=38579..39073,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(22614..23108),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=51797..52291,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=25822..26316,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=15162..15656,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=828..1322,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11685..12179),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=complement(11579..12073),organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31177..31671,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica  coded_by=31157..31651,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica,definition=urease subunit beta
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_subsp._palearctica_Y11  coded_by=4371158..4371652,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. palearctica Y11,definition=urease beta subunit
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Yersinia_enterocolitica_IP_10393  coded_by=39342..39836,organism=Yersinia enterocolitica IP 10393,definition=Urease beta subunit
mstktnstkatsektdslktnrgtkssagyseqntplggciladtpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaergfkssk
>Cystobacter_violaceus_Cb_vi76  coded_by=17990..18757,organism=Cystobacter violaceus Cb vi76,definition=urease subunit beta
mhlspreidklllhgagflaqkrlarglrlnypesvaliatqllelirdgrsvaelmdlgrkllgraqvmegvpemvaevqvegtfpdgsklvtvhhpieaehgdlslalygsflpvpplerfqrapqqeevrpgevlvqpgelvlnegrdtvtleitnrgdrpvqvgshypffetnralvfdrakaygrrldipagtavrfepgekktvslvaiagarvvwggnalgsgpvtpenqeralaevaargfgheega
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=complement(4256804..4257502),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=Urease gamma/beta subunit (Urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunit)
mmnlspteldrlvifnaaqmarrnrslgiklshpeavayitdevmtaarrnlpyaeirdmagrllttddvepgvaqmipmlyvelmfaegtkvmalfepiqpaegaatddvvpgeiiaggddiamftelpavtidvvntgdrdiqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkidrpaglglrfepgvfksvrlvpitgdrivrgqaglvngpldapgardaalklaqsrgylga
>Bacillus_sp._5B6  coded_by=complement(3300309..3300683),organism=Bacillus sp. 5B6,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgaiqvakgtiiinegrktlevsvtnngtrsvqvgshfhfaeangalsfnrdkaigmrldipsgtsvrfepgeektvtlveiggrktvrglngmadtymdergkektlsnlkkagwmeeair
>Brucella_melitensis_UK31/99  coded_by=complement(271880..272359),organism=Brucella melitensis UK31/99,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinrgrprttltvrntgdrpvqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqpnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Kineococcus_radiotolerans_SRS30216_=_ATCC_BAA-149  coded_by=complement(1455476..1456168),organism=Kineococcus radiotolerans SRS30216 = ATCC BAA-149,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvcevardggrlaeamaagravlgaedvlpgvpdvvtqvdveavfddgtrlvvvpdpfagatlgeeapgavlpgpaapvefadvvtlavtntatvpvsvsshfhffevnprlrfdraaaygrraavdagdtvrfdpgqtrevdltpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgareaaleraracgyldsregn
>Myroides_[odoratimimus]_CIP_103059  coded_by=2901..3275,organism=Myroides [odoratimimus] CIP 103059,definition=urease, beta subunit
mvpgeyfskeeaiicnegraittitvvnkgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdraaafgkrlniiastavrfepgeekevelvvyagarkiyghndlvngethseeakiaamkkvekqyfknksv
>Arcobacter_sp._L  coded_by=1074701..1075378,organism=Arcobacter sp. L,definition=urease beta and gamma subunits
mfltnreqeklliytasklamerkerglklnypeavaiissyiiegardgksvaqlmvdatkvlkeddvlegvasmmymvqveatfedgtklvtvhnpisydknklipgeylvdegeielnsskeiitieienkgdrpvqvgshyhffevnkelsferikaygkrldipagtsvrfepgskksvnlidfsgkryvsgfnglvegflddenvkakamqnlskflge
>Haloferax_volcanii_DS2  coded_by=143417..143836,organism=Haloferax volcanii DS2,definition=urease subunit beta
mtgefvpgevitadgtitlnegretaevtvgntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanaalsfdreaaygmrlnipagtavrfepgdqtsvelvaiggkrrahgmngmvngsvdtdpsaaverlraagfadtgapddehgtaegsse
>Haloferax_volcanii_DS2  coded_by=137039..137458,organism=Haloferax volcanii DS2,definition=urease, beta subunit
mtgefvpgevitadgtitlnegretaevtvgntgdrpiqvgshfhffeanaalsfdreaaygmrlnipagtavrfepgdqtsvelvaiggkrrahgmngmvngsvdtdpsaaverlraagfadtgapddehgtaegsse
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root102  coded_by=1406..2107,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root102,definition=hypothetical protein
myltnresdrllifaaaemarrrladgirlnlpearaviadaihegarrgssvselmalgrtvlqpkdvqpgvvpllemlmvepmfpdgqklvcvhdplglpqdseeedkpggyrlakegieinvgrattrvvvrnfgdrsiqigshfhffeinpelefdravafgfrldipagttvrfepgdektvdlvaiggerrveglnnltdgdldnpevkrravaraaaegfrgahhg
>Morganella_morganii  coded_by=43928..44350,organism=Morganella morganii,definition=urease subunit beta
msntkqptplggvifadtpiefntgkpetkikvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnhalefdreaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipyggkqtvygfnnlvdgwagnnvaiserpakaialneaiargfshkaeakk
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf113  coded_by=complement(55551..56171),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf113,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttlpgeivfnegaprtlvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreaargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplggnrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf117  coded_by=33502..34122,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf117,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttlpgeivfnegaprtlvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreaargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplggnrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-2  coded_by=complement(154164..154883),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-2,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_Hp_P-2b  coded_by=complement(158009..158728),organism=Helicobacter pylori Hp P-2b,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnnyvktike
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf99  coded_by=11476..12096,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf99,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeaialisdfvvegardgrsvsdlmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttlpgdivfnagaprtlvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdreqargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrevvlvplggartvygfrgdlmgtl
>Streptomyces_sp._Root1310  coded_by=complement(243067..243792),organism=Streptomyces sp. Root1310,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvgdpiaggtlgdrapgallpgpehaepeaavrltvtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfvretaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesfevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealrraaacgylgiaaagepmsrdaeegtr
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis_str._PA3606  coded_by=complement(2600511..2600945),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis str. PA3606,definition=urease subunit beta
mstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Yersinia_pseudotuberculosis  coded_by=complement(2850180..2850614),organism=Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,definition=urease subunit beta
mstkkstkdskeqntplgglvlaetpitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralefdraaaygkrlnissttairfepgdetevplipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdklaairlaaergfkssk
>Mycobacterium_vaccae_ATCC_25954  coded_by=complement(61331..61993),organism=Mycobacterium vaccae ATCC 25954,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mnltptelerltvfsaaelarrnlregvllshpeavallvdevllaarknlaydevidhacglldaaqcepgvpdmvgivavdasfpdgtklvtlidpitqgqdairpgevivgeepvqlfpgaprialtvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshffetnaalefdrraawghkldipsgsgvrfepgipveiqlvpmagdrvihgfsgaadgpldaegalehavggls
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis  coded_by=complement(350827..351201),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_E1  coded_by=complement(609886..610260),organism=Bacillus subtilis E1,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_QH-1  coded_by=453796..454170,organism=Bacillus subtilis QH-1,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_sp._EGD-AK10  coded_by=complement(609997..610371),organism=Bacillus sp. EGD-AK10,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._SC-8  coded_by=528798..529172,organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. SC-8,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._168  coded_by=473..847,organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. 168,definition=urease
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_MB73/2  coded_by=complement(589904..590278),organism=Bacillus subtilis MB73/2,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_PY79  coded_by=complement(3586274..3586648),organism=Bacillus subtilis PY79,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._AG1839  coded_by=complement(3746458..3746832),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. AG1839,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._JH642_substr._AG174  coded_by=complement(3741187..3741561),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. JH642 substr. AG174,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_6051-HGW  coded_by=complement(3768425..3768799),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis 6051-HGW,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_BEST7003  coded_by=complement(3595973..3596347),organism=Bacillus subtilis BEST7003,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=1299..1673,organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_QB928  coded_by=complement(3699861..3700235),organism=Bacillus subtilis QB928,definition=Urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_BSn5  coded_by=complement(1769768..1770142),organism=Bacillus subtilis BSn5,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(62987..63361),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=33560..33934,organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_TO-A  coded_by=complement(3613053..3613427),organism=Bacillus subtilis TO-A,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_tequilensis  coded_by=448560..448934,organism=Bacillus tequilensis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=87869..88243,organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(508150..508524),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_murimartini  coded_by=complement(589741..590115),organism=Bacillus murimartini,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(260458..260832),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=Urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_sp._LM_4-2  coded_by=complement(3621876..3622250),organism=Bacillus sp. LM 4-2,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=456772..457146,organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_KCTC_1028  coded_by=complement(3768446..3768820),organism=Bacillus subtilis KCTC 1028,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis  coded_by=complement(3747915..3748289),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._168  coded_by=complement(3768420..3768794),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. 168,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis  coded_by=complement(99912..100286),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_sp.  coded_by=complement(3786428..3786802),organism=Bacillus sp.,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(3804465..3804839),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._168  coded_by=complement(3768432..3768806),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. 168,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(3768185..3768559),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Mesorhizobium_sp._Root552  coded_by=<1..635,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. Root552,definition=hypothetical protein
aacggsvircgqsgaarhqckacansaagrplaexrdlggrllttddvepgvadmvpmiyieclfaegtkvmalfepigpgekpltdtvspgeiisapddiemfpgqpvteievvntgdrdiqvrshthffetnralnfdraaswgmkidrpagtgirfepgvvktvplvpiegerrilgaaglvmgsldapgakerslerardrgykga
>Streptomyces_sp._RSD-27  coded_by=2275..2994,organism=Streptomyces sp. RSD-27,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaveearsvlgpgdvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspiqgavrlgadapgavvpgpgapqpepvvhlrvrntasvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegevglvpiggariaigfaglvdgpldapgakeqalaraaacgylgtgaapadapegdra
>Helicobacter_bizzozeronii  coded_by=<1..488,organism=Helicobacter bizzozeronii,definition=UreA
vahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedgghklapgevilkneditlnagkqattlevhnkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkllefdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgekktveliqiggnqriygfnslvdrqadtdgkklalkrakehgfgvvncgcdkk
>Kineosphaera_limosa_NBRC_100340  coded_by=6432..7100,organism=Kineosphaera limosa NBRC 100340,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mhlspadteklllavagmvardrlargvalnhpeavallstwvieraregrgvadlmaagrgvltrdqvlpgvaemihdiqveatfpdgrklvtlhhpigepeagepaphddelyeftpeftpgqvrtvaghidlnadrgpaqrctltilntgdrpvqlgshlhlpdansalefdrdaaagyrldipagtsvrfepgvsasvdcvalrgrrhvaglqlregn
>Streptomyces_auratus_AGR0001  coded_by=complement(19476..20180),organism=Streptomyces auratus AGR0001,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieaargvlgpdevlpgvaevvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpigagpasgdgeertapgavlpgpadpepapavvlpvrntatvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfepgggsevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgaksealrraaacgylgaeeqa
>Mycobacterium_hassiacum_DSM_44199  coded_by=7667..8368,organism=Mycobacterium hassiacum DSM 44199,definition=urease subunit alpha
mhltpkdedrlllflaaelarkrraaglkltyaearaliadevceaaragatvaeaaahgasilteddvlpgvatllgsvqveaffedgqklvtvhdairpgtgsgdnsdvtpgeilpadgelelnagrrtvtlkvdntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnralrfdraasfgmrldipsgtavrfepgetqevtltsyggartvvgqnditngatdgtpsaqvldrlrtqgfldtas
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._subtilis_str._RO-NN-1  coded_by=complement(3571547..3571921),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. RO-NN-1,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkpgafqiaegtvtinegreirevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangallfdrelaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvslveirgrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=complement(63559..63936),organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkpgeyivrnetitlnrgrptitvrvsntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnrcldfdreqcygkrldipsgtavrfepgeektvtltefagnkavfglngltsgrlenkgvfesalskaadfgfkgvkyk
>Clostridium_ultunense_Esp  coded_by=59455..59829,organism=Clostridium ultunense Esp,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgeillrsepiminegresrilevvnagdrpiqvgshfhffevnrylqfdrekafgyrldipsgttirfepgerkevpltafpkggivmglngltdgeiteerkeraianamekgfkgvnpa
>Clostridium_sp._DMHC_10  coded_by=1077115..1077486,organism=Clostridium sp. DMHC 10,definition=Urease subunit beta
mvpgeiivknkeivcnagkrtkkitvsntgdrpiqvgshfhffevnkalefdrkaafgmrldiasgtavrfepgeekeitlveiggnkeihgfsgltegnisddkvreksfkkakelgfkgae
>Streptomyces_cyaneogriseus_subsp._noncyanogenus  coded_by=5540877..5541581,organism=Streptomyces cyaneogriseus subsp. noncyanogenus,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaverarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlaivsdpiggglgerapgallpgplhadpepavrltvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfpreraygmrlavpagssvrfgpgeshevglvpiggeriaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgvthvtpegger
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._morsprunorum_str._M302280  coded_by=complement(14733..15428),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. morsprunorum str. M302280,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklqlaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Helicobacter_pylori  coded_by=20726..21442,organism=Helicobacter pylori,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsmkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddhyvktike
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._delphinii  coded_by=complement(18341..19036),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. delphinii,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplavmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptvtlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqaaleraraqsfkga
>Helicobacter_hepaticus  coded_by=293..970,organism=Helicobacter hepaticus,definition=urease alpha subunit UreA
mrltpkeldklmlhyagalaksrkergiklnyvesialismeimelaregnksvaelmqqgreilkadevmegvasmvnevqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedngkltpgeyilkdeditlnankesisikvthkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnallefdraqafgkrldiasgtsvrfepgeeknvnlidfggkqkiigfndltnahinkenkeqclanaaqkhfih
>Helicobacter_hepaticus_ATCC_51449  coded_by=391929..392606,organism=Helicobacter hepaticus ATCC 51449,definition=urease
mrltpkeldklmlhyagalaksrkergiklnyvesialismeimelaregnksvaelmqqgreilkadevmegvasmvnevqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiedngkltpgeyilkdeditlnankesisikvthkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnallefdraqafgkrldiasgtsvrfepgeeknvnlidfggkqkiigfndltnahinkenkeqclanaaqkhfih
>Streptomyces_sp._Tu_6176  coded_by=8267..>8998,organism=Streptomyces sp. Tu 6176,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrsrglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierartvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlaivtdplaggslgeqapgallpgpqhadpepalrltvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgesaevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgarqealrraaacgylgvsateaagpaaagteaaetq
>unidentified  coded_by=43..756,organism=unidentified,definition=Sequence 1 from Patent WO9426913
mkltpkeldklmlhyagrlaeerlargvklnyteavalisgrvmekardgnksvadlmqegrtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdraksfckrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>unidentified  coded_by=43..756,organism=unidentified,definition=Sequence 1 from Patent WO9426901
mkltpkeldklmlhyagrlaeerlargvklnyteavalisgrvmekardgnksvadlmqegrtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdraksfckrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>unidentified  coded_by=43..756,organism=unidentified,definition=Sequence 1 from Patent WO9514093
mkltpkeldklmlhyagrlaeerlargvklnyteavalisgrvmekardgnksvadlmqegrtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdraksfckrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Pseudomonas_savastanoi_pv._savastanoi  coded_by=complement(16841..17536),organism=Pseudomonas savastanoi pv. savastanoi,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvakligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_savastanoi  coded_by=182935..183630,organism=Pseudomonas savastanoi,definition=Urease beta subunit Urease gamma subunit
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvakligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_savastanoi_pv._nerii  coded_by=complement(1708..2403),organism=Pseudomonas savastanoi pv. nerii,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvakligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackqtaleraraqhfkga
>Mycobacterium_smegmatis_MKD8  coded_by=60192..60848,organism=Mycobacterium smegmatis MKD8,definition=urease gamma/beta subunit
mnltptelerltvftaaemarrnlregvllshpeavalltdevmlaarknlaydevvdmaanllqakdcepgvpdlvrmvmidapfpdgtklvalidpitpaeddirpgeiivgdqpvelfpgveritltvvnrgdrdiqvrsqshfyetnpalefdrraawgykldiasgggvrfepgipvqvslvpmggerviqgfsglvngpldgddqlaeqkga
>Streptomyces_anulatus  coded_by=complement(459396..460109),organism=Streptomyces anulatus,definition=hypothetical protein
mhltpheqerlmmhvaadvaekrrsrgvllnypeamallivhvlegardgrtvaelmssgrkvlsreevmegipemienvqveatfpdgtklvtihgpfpeagqdeepltcpgkvdfsplkedevvifnernrqlgqvtellvanptdrpiqvgshyhfaeandglefarkeawgrrlnvpagssvrfepgitekvqlvpiegarvvhglrgrieglpekvngsldkvkgsfvkeqv
>Sphingobacterium_sp._ML3W  coded_by=complement(4117772..4118146),organism=Sphingobacterium sp. ML3W,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyfiqdgdiicnegrevttltvvntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdrglafgkrlniiastavrfepgeskvvqlvpyagarrvyghndlvngdtetevakmnalkkadakgfknkks
>Verticillium_longisporum  coded_by=complement(join(102747..103259,103522..103542)),organism=Verticillium longisporum,definition=hypothetical protein
mhlvpqealitsnlqelirdgnhtvsdlmglgstmlgrrhvqpsvcstlheiqvegtfpsgtylvtvhnpiatddgnlaralygyvprmpsnddfplpepaefeptaqpgalvavkdvkvilnanrkhitlrvtsrgdrpiqvgshyhfieinpqlefdrrkpmclssclmrsstca
>Kitasatospora_sp._Root107  coded_by=complement(28110..28820),organism=Kitasatospora sp. Root107,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnipeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvltaadvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfddgtrlavindpfrgagslgdhapggallgsgagydpveetlllpvhntsavpisvtshfhffeanprlafdrsaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgatvevglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgpldapgareaaltkaratgyltsfddaelet
>Kitasatospora_sp._Root187  coded_by=516474..517184,organism=Kitasatospora sp. Root187,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnipeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvltaadvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfddgtrlavindpfrgagslgdhapggallgsgagydpveetlllpvhntsavpisvtshfhffeanprlafdrsaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgatvevglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgpldapgareaaltkaratgyltsfddaelet
>Herpetosiphon_geysericola  coded_by=162279..162671,organism=Herpetosiphon geysericola,definition=Urease subunit beta
mqpgeylidqpneaiaanlgratceilvahtgdrpiqvgshyhffevnralvfdrrlaygmhlnipagtavrfepgdskivnlvafagsrqiyghnglvngaldaadqvqlslsaaqqqqfghrpqgdle
>Paenibacillus_sp._Soil766  coded_by=181399..181782,organism=Paenibacillus sp. Soil766,definition=urease subunit beta
mvpgefrtakgdiemnvgrqtigiivtntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnrgldftredafgmrldipagtavrfepgeqkpvqlvelggaklsyglnnlsqglaekdkmtaetkarwqawegllgesnrs
>Helicobacter_hepaticus  coded_by=68..625,organism=Helicobacter hepaticus,definition=urease alpha subunit
meimelaregnksvaelmqqgreilkadevmegvasmvdevqvevsfpdgtklvtihnpiednskltpgeyilkdeditlnankesisikvthkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnallefdraqafgkrldiasgtsvrfepgeeknvnlidfggkqkiigfndltnahinkenkeqclanaaqkhfih
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf106  coded_by=complement(141435..142055),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf106,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnypeaialitdavvegardgrsvselmqagahvltadqvmegiaemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapssdvpgtvttlpgeivfndgaprtlltvanvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltferekargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrevslvpllgartvygfrggvmgsl
>Methylobacterium_aquaticum  coded_by=complement(51798..52418),organism=Methylobacterium aquaticum,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdkllvamaamvarnrlsrgvklnhpeavalitdfvvegardgrtvaelmrlgaqvltadqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgtpatdvpgevttpdgeivfnegstrtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpalrfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevvlipmggaravygfrgdvmgal
>Verticillium_longisporum  coded_by=join(<64222..64371,64476..64562,64634..65872),organism=Verticillium longisporum,definition=hypothetical protein
aaflpaigcdallarlilhrptfksheinlrissqlvraalpkmhlvpqeldklvisqlgflaqkrlargvklnhaeatalitsnlqelirdgnhtvsdlmglgstmlgrrhvqpsvcstlheiqvegtfpsgtylvtvhnpiatddgnlaralygyvprmpsnddfplpepaefeptaqpgalvavkdvkvilnanrkhitlrvtsrgdrpiqvgshyhfieinpqlefdraraygfrlaipagtsvrfepgdmktvtlveiggnrvirggnglatggvelwrageiveklqqagfahqpepvgdmghisafemnrvayatmfgpttgdrlrlgstnlwikveqdftvygdeckfgggktlregmgqatgrpdsesldmvvtnalivdwsgiykadigvkhgiivgigkagnpdvmdgvtpnmvvgsctdvvagenkiitaggidthihficpqqtseaxaalsatlsshvsglppnclciwslplqpwp
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._spizizenii_ATCC_6633  coded_by=complement(67721..68095),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii ATCC 6633,definition=urease (beta subunit)
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._spizizenii_str._W23  coded_by=complement(3574208..3574582),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii str. W23,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis_subsp._spizizenii  coded_by=complement(3574202..3574576),organism=Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=complement(1519587..1519961),organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Bacillus_subtilis  coded_by=1061289..1061663,organism=Bacillus subtilis,definition=urease subunit beta
mkpgafqiaegtitinegretrevtvkntgsrsiqvgshfhfaeangalsfdreqaigmrldvpsgtsvrfepgeqktvtlveiggrktirglngmadtfidergkektlanlkqagwmegvir
>Helicobacter_felis_ATCC_49179  coded_by=1178290..1179003,organism=Helicobacter felis ATCC 49179,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mkltpkeldklmlhyagrlaeerlargvklnyteavalisarvmekardgnksvadlmqegrtwlkkenvmdgvasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Bifidobacterium_longum_subsp._infantis_ATCC_15697  coded_by=131023..131640,organism=Bifidobacterium longum subsp. infantis ATCC 15697,definition=urease beta/gamma subunit
mklnyaeaialissevmeraregrtvaelmhygrtivsaddvmpgvaemisevevevtfpdgtklvsihdpietteelkpgeyiladddielnpdsesialdvtntadrpiqvgshfhffevnkylrfdrkaaygkhldiaagtavrfepgeshrvelvdfrgsremhgfnaltegrlddpkvreaafarakeqgflgfdeeted
>Methylobacterium_sp._GXF4  coded_by=complement(100321..100941),organism=Methylobacterium sp. GXF4,definition=urease subunit gamma
mlltprekdklliamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqaganvltadqvipgiaemipdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasadvpgtvttvpgeivfnagadrtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpglvferekargrrldiapgtavrfepgstrevvlvplsggrtvygfrgdvmgkl
>Streptomyces_wadayamensis  coded_by=complement(16444..16911),organism=Streptomyces wadayamensis,definition=urease subunit beta
mtlppryqyadepieinagrptlkitvrntgdravqvgsdyhffevnsaldfdrdatigmhlniaagtavrfepggthevelctyagtgrlhgfsgllngsvrsqaacleavdraerlgfrgaradglkheagatghkgadagrteakknkkgsh
>Helicobacter_pylori_CPY6311  coded_by=complement(30959..31675),organism=Helicobacter pylori CPY6311,definition=urease subunit alpha
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgvksddnyvktike
>Blattabacterium_sp._(Blatta_orientalis)_str._Tarazona  coded_by=510058..510699,organism=Blattabacterium sp. (Blatta orientalis) str. Tarazona,definition=urease subunit gamma/beta
mhltfyekekillhmagelakkrlerglklnypesvalithyvmegardgktvkelmfeagsllhydqvmdgvyemlnnvqveatfpdgtklvtihhpikksikknssnnnmmipgqydllkeeisllpgrpriervvsnvgnrpiqigshfhfyetnaalhfdrngtkgyrldipsgrsirfepgetkevflvkiggsqkiygfsgkentki
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._K  coded_by=complement(1109334..1110107),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. K,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mhltpreldkltlhqagvlaqkrlarglrlnhpeavaliatqllelardgrtvaelmdlgrrllgrrqvlpgvpalvpevqvegtfpdgtklvtvhhpiaaehgdlalalygsflpvppraafaappgaepeeaepgellpapgalelnagreaiplrvtnfadrpvqvgshyhfaeanrllrfdrgraygrrldlpagmavrfepgeartvqlveiagervvaggnglapgpvteegrrravdearrrgfaheeer
>Helicobacter_ailurogastricus  coded_by=complement(252960..253664),organism=Helicobacter ailurogastricus,definition=Urease beta subunit / Urease gamma subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnaskhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdlidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdnk
>Helicobacter_ailurogastricus  coded_by=complement(17476..18180),organism=Helicobacter ailurogastricus,definition=Urease gamma subunit / Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnaskhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdlidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdnk
>Helicobacter_ailurogastricus  coded_by=16600..17304,organism=Helicobacter ailurogastricus,definition=Urease gamma subunit / Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnaskhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdlidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdnk
>Helicobacter_ailurogastricus  coded_by=27385..28089,organism=Helicobacter ailurogastricus,definition=Urease gamma subunit / Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklapgevilkneditlnaskhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdlidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdnk
>Streptomyces_sp._769  coded_by=449096..449560,organism=Streptomyces sp. 769,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigveptaapggatpapgavlpgpadpepgpavviavrntatvpisvtshfhffeanprlefdravaygmrlcvpagssvrfdvggssevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgaknealrraaacgylga
>Halorubrum_saccharovorum  coded_by=complement(17087..17470),organism=Halorubrum saccharovorum,definition=Urease subunit beta
msdlvpgellpaddpieinagretasvtventgdrpsqvgshfhffecnkalefdreaaygmrldipagtairfepgceedvdlvayggnrilhgmgglvegdlddeevreaaferarkagymegee
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealvnicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmleeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikvgeiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevncflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfhnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Pseudomonas_amygdali_pv._morsprunorum  coded_by=2294..2887,organism=Pseudomonas amygdali pv. morsprunorum,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklpltvmptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretrlrhapghsrrhggafrtgraarsatgavrrhw
>Helicobacter_pylori_UM067  coded_by=complement(783..1499),organism=Helicobacter pylori UM067,definition=urease subunit beta
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgtksddhyvktike
>Chitinophaga_pinensis_DSM_2588  coded_by=1808382..1808762,organism=Chitinophaga pinensis DSM 2588,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrmipgeyfiapgvidankgrsvasvrvvntgdrpvqigshchffevnrmlsfnretafgmrlniaagtavrfepgeektvelvtlggnrraygmnnlvngttvgieardkamqqvvqqqfkhqpe
>Streptomyces_griseorubens  coded_by=23682..24404,organism=Streptomyces griseorubens,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaverarsvlgpddvlpgvagvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigggpgedapgallpgpphdepapvatvtvtntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfpraeaygmrlavpagssvrfgpgetrqvglvpmggdrvavgfaglvdgpldapgaeaealrraaacgylgatapdddrpdgpegatr
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=complement(184596..185063),organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnhtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Yersinia_frederiksenii  coded_by=57610..58077,organism=Yersinia frederiksenii,definition=urease subunit beta
msakkgtstnhtkgintegttekntplggciladapitfnenkpvtkvkvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnralefdrtaafgkrlnissttairfepgdetevslipfggkqtlygfnnlvdgwtgegvvpnserpdkleairraaargfksssk
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=483..1154,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease A subunit
mhftqqqlqrlmlhyagkiakdrkeqkiklnynealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Campylobacter_lari_NCTC_11845  coded_by=5433..6104,organism=Campylobacter lari NCTC 11845,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mhftqqqlqrlmlhyagkiakdrkeqkiklnynealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Campylobacter_lari_CCUG_22395  coded_by=5440..6111,organism=Campylobacter lari CCUG 22395,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mhftqqqlqrlmlhyagkiakdrkeqkiklnynealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Campylobacter_lari_RM16701  coded_by=5440..6111,organism=Campylobacter lari RM16701,definition=fusion of urease beta and gamma subunits
mhftqqqlqrlmlhyagkiakdrkeqkiklnynealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=5441..6112,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mhftqqqlqrlmlhyagkiakdrkeqkiklnynealayicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmldeiqielpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=complement(4646424..4647122),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mmnlsptemdrlvifnaaqmarrnrslgirlshpeavayitdevmtaarrdmpyaeirdmagrlltandvepgvgqmipmlyiecmfaegtkvmavfepigpndtsvadelipgeiiagggdiesfagmpaitidvintgdrdiqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkvdrpagagvrfepgvtksvrlvpisgnrvvhgqaglvngsldaptardealkqarargyqga
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealvhicyelmelarknlsvsallrigttlltsddvidgvasmleaiqielpfedgtklvpihepianddnikageiflssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Methylobacterium_sp._4-46  coded_by=complement(2467223..2467843),organism=Methylobacterium sp. 4-46,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnfpeavalitdvvvegardgrtvaelmqagaqvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgapspevpgavttppgeivfnagaprtvvevantgdrpiqvgshyhffevnpalrfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgatrevalvplggaravygfrgdvmgsl
>Pseudomonas_psychrotolerans_L19  coded_by=15277..15972,organism=Pseudomonas psychrotolerans L19,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelarkrrakglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstllttddvlpgvsdllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlaladgptpgeilspagdiqlnagrptatlravntgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggsgdihgfsgltngnlhdpackatalqraraqqfkga
>Lysinibacillus_sphaericus_OT4b.31  coded_by=336373..336741,organism=Lysinibacillus sphaericus OT4b.31,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeirpaqgeiemnvgratktvivantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefdrqeaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkrhifglnkltegsthnkdeildkaieggfkgaedk
>Halarchaeum_acidiphilum_MH1-52-1  coded_by=9112..9504,organism=Halarchaeum acidiphilum MH1-52-1,definition=urease beta subunit
mserlvpgeivpgegdvtinegretatvtvantgdrpvqvgshfhffeanaalafdreaafgmrlnvpagtavrfepgderdvdlvaiggkgrahgmnglvngsvtvdpaaalerlrdagfadtgagdae
>Streptomyces_sp._Root431  coded_by=666258..666977,organism=Streptomyces sp. Root431,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgkrlaeaiaearavlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpigwgspreagggrlgaeapgallpgpehpepapavtipvrntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlaipagasfrfdpggaaevglvpiggarvaigfaglvdgpldapgakeealrraaacgylgvesgden
>Geomicrobium_sp._JCM_19055  coded_by=complement(66189..66557),organism=Geomicrobium sp. JCM 19055,definition=urease beta subunit
mipgeyrlrqediecnvnrktvtirvrnegdrpiqvgshyhfsevnrmltfdrelvfgmrlniasgtavrfepgeerevdlvmfggsgvvhgfndltagssdvtefvrrakerqfiaegdhs
>Geomicrobium_sp._JCM_19038  coded_by=119880..120248,organism=Geomicrobium sp. JCM 19038,definition=urease beta subunit
mipgeyrlrqediecnvnrktvtirvrnegdrpiqvgshyhfsevnrmltfdrelvfgmrlniasgtavrfepgeerevdlvmfggsgvvhgfndltagssdvtefvrrakerqfiaegdhs
>Streptomyces_sp._NBRC_110027  coded_by=1063021..1063725,organism=Streptomyces sp. NBRC 110027,definition=putative urease beta/gamma subunit
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelartrrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaqaieaargvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpigarpagdggdeapapgavlpgpadpepapevvltvrntatvpisvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdpggaeevglvpvggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgakaealrraaacgylgaevpa
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=3..683,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=Sequence 7 from Patent EP1176192
mkltpkeqekfllyyagevarkrkaeglklnqpeaiayisahimdearrgkktvaelmeecmhflkkdevmpgvgnmvpdlgveatfpdgtklvtvnwpiepdehfkagevkfgcdkdielnvgkevtelevtnegpkslhvgshfhffetnkalkfdrekaygkrldipsgntlrigagqtrkvqliplggskkvigmnglvnniaderhkhkaldkakshgfik
>Chelatococcus_sp._CO-6  coded_by=894714..895334,organism=Chelatococcus sp. CO-6,definition=hypothetical protein
mnltprekdklliamaamvarrrlergvklnypeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmeagahvltpeqvmdgvaemipdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgatgalqpgetlaapgelvlnegretvtltvantgdrpiqvgshyhfyetnpslsfdrdkargmrldipagtavrfepgqtrevtlvalagerkvygfrqqvmgrl
>Halosimplex_carlsbadense_2-9-1  coded_by=complement(61042..61488),organism=Halosimplex carlsbadense 2-9-1,definition=urease subunit beta
msdeivpgevvpaegtvtinegretaevtvgnagdrpvqvgshfhffetnaalefdreaafgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvdlvaiggkrvahgmnglvdgsvdgdaaaaveraerqgfggipdqagkldsedadraraesaedea
>Sphingobacterium_sp._PM2-P1-29  coded_by=complement(3835634..3836008),organism=Sphingobacterium sp. PM2-P1-29,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyfiqdgdiicnegrevttltvvntgdrpiqvgshyhffevnkmmefdrslafgkrlniiastavrfepgeskivelvpyagakrvyghndlvngdtetevgkmnalkkadangfknkks
>Helicobacter_felis  coded_by=<1..495,organism=Helicobacter felis,definition=UreA
vasmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpvedngklapgevflkneditinagkeaislkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrakafgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnkriygfnslvdrqadadgkklglkrakekgfgsvncgceatkdkq
>Bosea_sp._Leaf344  coded_by=145910..146530,organism=Bosea sp. Leaf344,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mnltprekdkllvamaamvarrrlergvklnypeavalitdfvvegardgrsvadlmaagahvvsadqvmdgiaelihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepirgsagrlkpgevttlpgdlimnegreslslmvantgdrpiqigshyhffeanpalrfererargfrldipagtavrfepgqtrevrlvalagkrevygfrqevmgkl
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_HK787  coded_by=complement(849277..849717),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae HK787,definition=Urease beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqigshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCICRE_6  coded_by=1361206..1361646,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCICRE 6,definition=urease, beta subunit
mkkqsntsetmvkkvetgvsvggyvladspitfnegrsittvhvkntgdrpiqigshfhffeankaleferskafgkrlnitattairfepgdaitvelipfsgqqvvygfnnlvdgwvgnasgiqgdapedilnnaikhgfksvs
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R5-808  coded_by=147697..148341,organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R5-808,definition=urease subunit gamma
mhltyqerdklllflaselaqkrlarglklnypeaaalisgyvvegardgksvaelmeearhvlsadqvmdgvahlltevqveatfvdgtklvsvhdpiqgtlastgmiageydlrdepielvpdrprikrevtntgdrpiqvgshfhfyecnpalqfdrngtqgyrldiasglstrfepgetsevvlvqiggsqeihgfaglingktngmvsl
>Kitasatospora_cheerisanensis_KCTC_2395  coded_by=204403..205113,organism=Kitasatospora cheerisanensis KCTC 2395,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvltaadvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfedgtrlavvndpfhgagslgdgapgaalpgsgagydpveeelllpvhntasvpisvtshfhffesnprlafdraaaygmhlavpagssvrfdpgatvevglvsiggervaigfaglvdgpldapgakdaalakaratgyltefddteptq
>Lysinibacillus_sphaericus_CBAM5  coded_by=101338..101706,organism=Lysinibacillus sphaericus CBAM5,definition=urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkkgvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Lysinibacillus_sphaericus_C3-41  coded_by=2672746..2673114,organism=Lysinibacillus sphaericus C3-41,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeirpkkgvieinvgratkkvlvantgdrpiqvgshfhfievnrflefnredaigmhlnipsgtavrfepgeekevelvefggkqhvfglnkltegsthhkdeildkaieggfkgaeek
>Clostridium_hathewayi_DSM_13479  coded_by=2083..2730,organism=Clostridium hathewayi DSM 13479,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mimrltpkeeeklmlhlagnlakerrsrglklnyaeavaylssellelardgrsvtelmekgrgilnaddvmdgvadmveavqveatfpdgtklvtvhnpigpgiskrtdrksgevitqdrdiilnegresksvtvanigdrpiqvgshfhffevnkllkfdrdeafgfrldipsgtsvrfepgeekkvqlvelggkklvygcndltrgkaerrk
>Pseudomonas_syringae_BRIP39023  coded_by=160341..161036,organism=Pseudomonas syringae BRIP39023,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrskglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgrlplavmptpgeilspdgdihlngerptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfprerafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpacklaalkraraqlfkga
>Streptomyces_aureofaciens  coded_by=complement(8479..9189),organism=Streptomyces aureofaciens,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrlliftaaelararrargvrlnipeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieagrsvltaddvlpgvpdvvtvvqveavfddgtrlavvndpfkgagslgdeapggalvgdgagydpieetlllpvhntsavpisvtshfhffeanprlafdraaaygthlavpagssvrfdpgttvevglvpiggdrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakeaalekaratgyltnfddsevps
>Metallosphaera_cuprina_Ar-4  coded_by=complement(825853..826512),organism=Metallosphaera cuprina Ar-4,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlftpreqeklliswaaelarrrrskglklnyeealaiivdfvlenaregkrmseiisgaqqllteddvmegvpelldlvqveatftdgtklvtirnpikgkrkvlntyviqpgeielkedeaklevintgdrpiqvgshfhffevnrslkfdrekafgtrlnvpsgtsvrfepgqrrlvnltkiggnrrvtglngltegsldhnkseainrakqkgfl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=complement(4653789..4654487),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=Urease gamma/beta subunit (Urea amidohydrolase gamma/beta subunit)
mmnlsptemdrlvifnaaqmarrnrslgiklshpeavayitdevmtaarrnlpyaeirdmagrllttddvepgvaqmipmlyvelmfaegtkvmalfepiqpaegavaddivpgeiiegsgdiemfmelaavtidvvntgdrdiqvrshthffevnralrfdraaawgmkidrpaglgmrfepgvfksvrlvpitgdrivrgqaglvngpldapgardaalklaqsrgylga
>Paenibacillus_sp._JCM_10914  coded_by=complement(111965..112570),organism=Paenibacillus sp. JCM 10914,definition=urease beta subunit
mhltyqerdklllflaselaqkrlarglklnypeaaalisgfvvegardgksvaelmedakhvlsaeqvmdgvaellsevqveatfvdgtklvsvhdpiqgaqpsrivageydlreepielvpdrpriirtvtntgdrpiqvgshfhfyecnpalqfdrngtqgyrldiasglstglsraqrwrlcwcrlaaavrfmvlqg
>Clostridium_sp._SY8519  coded_by=complement(2779968..2780330),organism=Clostridium sp. SY8519,definition=urea amidohydrolase
mkigaiipkdreitlnegkktvtllvkhtgdrpvqvgshfhffevnkqlqfdraaaygyhldipsgtavrfepgeekevqltemggakriyglndltcaqatettkaqavetaklkgfir
>Streptomyces_sp._SM8  coded_by=4235..4990,organism=Streptomyces sp. SM8,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mrltpterdrllifnaaqlararqarglrlnvpeatalisdtvceaardgarlaeavaagravlgpddvlpgvadvlteiqveavfedgsrlavladpiggghtgdqapgallpgpphaepspvltvavtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprlrfdraaaygmrlavpagsslrfgpgetreaglvpiggarvvtgfaglvdgpldapgaraealrraaacgylgaeapgtepappgttpappgaptpetda
>Streptomyces_wadayamensis  coded_by=28238..28993,organism=Streptomyces wadayamensis,definition=urease subunit gamma
mrltpterdrllifnaaqlararqarglrlnvpeatalisdtvceaardgarlaeavaagravlgpddvlpgvadvlteiqveavfedgsrlavladpiggghtgdqapgallpgpphaepspvltvavtntatvpvsvtshfhffeanprlrfdraaaygmrlavpagsslrfgpgetreaglvpiggarvvtgfaglvdgpldapgaraealrraaacgylgaeapgtepappgttpappgaptpetda
>Bosea_sp._AAP35  coded_by=11375..11995,organism=Bosea sp. AAP35,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mnltprekdkllvamaaivarrrlergvklnypeavalitdfvvegardgrsvadlmqagahvvtadqvmdgiaalihdvqveatfpdgtklvtvhepirgasdamkpgevttvpgdlimnegreslsltvsntgdrpiqigshyhffeanpalhfdrdkargfrldipagtavrfepgqtrevklvalagkrevygfrqevmgkl
>Campylobacter_lari  coded_by=<1..574,organism=Campylobacter lari,definition=urease alpha subunit
ealvyicyelmelarknlsvselmsigktlltsedvidgvasmleeiqiehpfedgtklvtihepianddkikageiclssefivlnenktsieikvsnkgdrpiqvgshfhffevncflsfdrekaygkrlniasgtsvrfepgeektvsliefgglkkvlgfnnlcddfindenktkalskakekgfl
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL24  coded_by=complement(16416..17105),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL24,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrllprevdrlllrqaaelarsrqarglllsepearaiiadtvcegargggtvtemvsiasgllteddvmegvserldavmvegffpdgqklvcihdpigpgkstvagaphrprwrlgeqpviintdrptvtlrvqstadrpiqlgshyhffevnpalrfdraaaygfrldvpaattvrfepgdtrlvdlvaiggarvvyglaglvngalddptvrsaamirlesflqe
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA017  coded_by=complement(23483..24172),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA017,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrllprevdrlllrqaaelarsrqarglllsepearaiiadtvcegargggtvtemvsiasgllteddvmegvserldavmvegffpdgqklvcihdpigpgkstvagaphrprwrlgeqpviintdrptvtlrvqstadrpiqlgshyhffevnpalrfdraaaygfrldvpaattvrfepgdtrlvdlvaiggarvvyglaglvngalddptvrsaamirlesflqe
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA003  coded_by=complement(16527..17216),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA003,definition=urease, beta subunit
mrllprevdrlllrqaaelarsrqarglllsepearaiiadtvcegargggtvtemvsiasgllteddvmegvserldavmvegffpdgqklvcihdpigpgkstvagaphrprwrlgeqpviintdrptvtlrvqstadrpiqlgshyhffevnpalrfdraaaygfrldvpaattvrfepgdtrlvdlvaiggarvvyglaglvngalddptvrsaamirlesflqe
>Enterobacter_cloacae  coded_by=59283..59972,organism=Enterobacter cloacae,definition=hypothetical protein
mrllprevdrlllrqaaelarsrqarglllsepearaiiadtvcegargggtvtemvsiasgllteddvmegvserldavmvegffpdgqklvcihdpigpgkstvagaphrprwrlgeqpviintdrptvtlrvqstadrpiqlgshyhffevnpalrfdraaaygfrldvpaattvrfepgdtrlvdlvaiggarvvyglaglvngalddptvrsaamirlesflqe
>Enterobacter_cloacae_ECNIH3  coded_by=13992..14681,organism=Enterobacter cloacae ECNIH3,definition=hypothetical protein
mrllprevdrlllrqaaelarsrqarglllsepearaiiadtvcegargggtvtemvsiasgllteddvmegvserldavmvegffpdgqklvcihdpigpgkstvagaphrprwrlgeqpviintdrptvtlrvqstadrpiqlgshyhffevnpalrfdraaaygfrldvpaattvrfepgdtrlvdlvaiggarvvyglaglvngalddptvrsaamirlesflqe
>Streptomyces_aurantiacus_JA_4570  coded_by=1529..2242,organism=Streptomyces aurantiacus JA 4570,definition=putative Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglrlnvpeataliadtvceaardgarlaeaierarsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsdpvgggslgpdapgalrpapptperepvvtvavrntaavpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlavpagsslrfgpgerveaglvpigggrvaigfaglvdgpldapgakaealrraaacgylgagapldetpeege
>Nitrosopumilus_sp._BACL13_MAG-120910-bin56  coded_by=complement(4370..4738),organism=Nitrosopumilus sp. BACL13 MAG-120910-bin56,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyflseepiianaekititlnvtntgdrpiqvgshahffevnkalefsrrksygfhlniaagtsirfepgdskkieltefsgkrivygfsglvngllsekqdeafskareqgfrgmel
>Nitrosopumilus_sp._BACL13_MAG-121220-bin23  coded_by=3984..4352,organism=Nitrosopumilus sp. BACL13 MAG-121220-bin23,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyflseepiianaekititlnvtntgdrpiqvgshahffevnkalefsrrksygfhlniaagtsirfepgdskkieltefsgkrivygfsglvngllsekqdeafskareqgfrgmel
>Methylophaga_aminisulfidivorans_MP  coded_by=complement(206550..207245),organism=Methylophaga aminisulfidivorans MP,definition=urea amidohydrolase beta subunit
myltpselerltiytaaklaqerrerglklnypeatalivnevlegardgrtvaelisfgstilstddvlpgvsdmmhmlqvegvfpdgsklvtihdpirsgeqvvpdypipgelfpaegeielnanrekrtirvantgdrpvqigshyhffeankalefdreaafgmrldipagtavrfepgqekecilcefggekalyglngltngladdeavkqaalnkakqenylga
>Streptomyces_sp._769  coded_by=complement(3433860..3434552),organism=Streptomyces sp. 769,definition=Urease subunit gamma/beta
mrltpterdrlllfgaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieaarsalgpedvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvtdpigveptaapggatpapgavlpgpadpepgpavviavrntatvpisvtshfhffeanprlefdravaygmrlcvpagssvrfdvggssevglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgaknealrraaacgylga
>Candidatus_Nitrosopumilus_sp._D3C  coded_by=1130338..1130706,organism=Candidatus Nitrosopumilus sp. D3C,definition=Urease subunit beta
mipgeyfpsdepiianvgketvfvsvrntgdrpiqvgshthffetnkaldfprkqsygyhlnipagtsvrfepgetkeieltefggkkivygfsglvsgsleekqedaikkaaekgfkgvak
>Haloarcula_vallismortis_ATCC_29715  coded_by=765..1181,organism=Haloarcula vallismortis ATCC 29715,definition=urease beta subunit UreB
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnerrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsnavermraagfrdtgetatdggnaeadq
>Haloarcula_vallismortis_ATCC_29715  coded_by=complement(101398..101814),organism=Haloarcula vallismortis ATCC 29715,definition=urease subunit beta
msdglvpgevipgegtvtlnerrettevtvgntgdrpsqvgshfhffeanaalefdreaamgmrlnipagtavrfepgdeqtvelveiggkrrahgmnglvngsvdgdtsnavermraagfrdtgetatdggnaeadq
>Brucella_abortus_88/217  coded_by=complement(91076..91555),organism=Brucella abortus 88/217,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqlnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_63/294  coded_by=98320..98799,organism=Brucella abortus 63/294,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqlnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Brucella_abortus_07-0994-2411  coded_by=81495..81974,organism=Brucella abortus 07-0994-2411,definition=urease subunit beta 2
makepteaahpqpeqtktnhkahrpvggyvlakdpieinqgrprttltvrntgdrpiqigshfhffevnrylefdrskafglrldipantavrfepgdekevtlvpfagkrfifgfnnlvdgwsgdgptpdyqlnreiaaeraeklgfkscksggkdak
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf89  coded_by=153719..154339,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf89,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtvvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdraaargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf111  coded_by=complement(4928..5548),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf111,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtvvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdraaargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf88  coded_by=complement(106851..107471),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf88,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtvvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdraaargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf94  coded_by=complement(4564..5184),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf94,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtvvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdraaargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf465  coded_by=32526..33146,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf465,definition=Urease subunit alpha
mlltprekdklllamaaqvarnrlgrgvklnypeavalisdfvvegardgrsvselmqagghvltaeqcmdgipemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgaasaevpgtvttqpgeivfnadlprtvvtvsnvgdrpiqvgshyhfyevnpgltfdraaargqrldiapgtavrfepgvtrevvlvplgggrtvygfrgdvmgal
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_CM4  coded_by=complement(3425756..3426376),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens CM4,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mlltprekdkllvamaaqvarnrlargvklnhpeaialitdfvvegardgrsvaelmqagarvldasqvmegvpemihdiqveatfpdgtklvtvhhpirgvpsadvpgtvttlpgeivfnagaprtvievantgdrpiqvgshyhffeanpglvfdrdkargqrldiapgtavrfepgstrevalvplsgdrkvygfrgdvmgpl
>Helicobacter_pylori_HP260BFii  coded_by=complement(44143..44901),organism=Helicobacter pylori HP260BFii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM260BSi  coded_by=complement(44830..45588),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM260BSi,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAMchJs114i  coded_by=21604..22362,organism=Helicobacter pylori GAMchJs114i,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM121Aii  coded_by=complement(13042..13800),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM121Aii,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Helicobacter_pylori_GAM101Biv  coded_by=complement(70183..70941),organism=Helicobacter pylori GAM101Biv,definition=urease, gamma subunit
mssrkntlrigegemkltpkeldklmlhyagelarkrkekgiklnyveavalisahimeearagkktaaelmqegrtllkpddvmdgvasmihevgieamfpdgtklvtvhtpieangklvpgelflkneditinegkkavsvkvknvgdrpvqigshfhffevnrcldfdrektfgkrldiasgtavrfepgeeksvelidiggnrrifgfnalvdrqadneskkialhrakergfhgaksddnyvktike
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_H8-457  coded_by=162496..163140,organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL H8-457,definition=urease subunit gamma
mhltyqerdklmlfvamelaqkrlarglklnypeaaalisgfvvegardgksvaelmeearhvlsadqvmdgvahllrevqveatfvdgtklvsvhdpiqgapapsdivageydlrdepiqlvpdrpritrevtnsgdrpiqvgshfhfyecnpallfdrngtqgyrldiasglsarfepgeitkvtlvqiggsqeihgfagltngktngmvsl
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_str._M302091  coded_by=6214..6909,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae str. M302091,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_9617  coded_by=complement(14751..15446),organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 9617,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_9855  coded_by=25396..26091,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 9855,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19068  coded_by=24076..24771,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19068,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae_ICMP_19104  coded_by=24682..25377,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae ICMP 19104,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._theae_ICMP_3923  coded_by=6327..7022,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. theae ICMP 3923,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._theae  coded_by=6390..7085,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. theae,definition=hypothetical protein
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Pseudomonas_syringae_pv._actinidiae  coded_by=56008..56703,organism=Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae,definition=bifunctional urease subunit gamma/beta
mlltptelerltlytaaelsrkrrgkglrlnfpeasaliadeilegaregrsvaeligfgstilntddvmpgvadllpvlqvegtfpdgtklvtvhqpirpgklplaamptpgeilspdsdiqlnsgrptatlraintgdrpvqigshyhffevnkaldfpretafgmhldipagtavrfepgelrevqlvqfggtgdihgfsgltngnlhdpdckqtaleraraqhfkga
>Streptomyces_sp._XY533  coded_by=complement(<1..642),organism=Streptomyces sp. XY533,definition=urease subunit gamma
mtpterdrlllrsaaelararrarglklnvpeataliadtvceaardgrrlaeaieearsvlgpddvlpgvadvvtevhveavfddgsrlavvsspvrgavplgddapgavvpgpgvpqpepvvhlhvrntadvpvsvtshfhffeanprldfdraaaygmrlcvpagssvrfdphgegdvglvpiggdriaigfaglvdgpldapgareealr
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=58013..58717,organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=Urease gamma subunit / Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagndklspgevilkneditlnagkhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdliqiggnqriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=66726..67430,organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=Urease gamma subunit / Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagndklspgevilkneditlnagkhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdliqiggnqriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=complement(18925..19629),organism=Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=Urease gamma subunit / Urease beta subunit
mkltpkeldklmlhyagelakqrkakgiklnyteavalisahvmeearagkksvadlmqegrtllkaddvmpgvahmihevgieagfpdgtklvtihtpveagndklspgevilkneditlnagkhaiqlkvknkgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvdliqiggnqriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklavkrakehgfgtincgcdhk
>Candidatus_Helicobacter_heilmannii  coded_by=<1..498,organism=Candidatus Helicobacter heilmannii,definition=urease UreA
mpgvahmihevgieanfpdgtklvtihtpveagsdklhpgevilkneditlnagkeaielkvkntgdrpvqvgshfhffevnklldfdrekaygkrldiasgtavrfepgeektvhlidvggnkriygfnalvdrqadhdgkklalkrakekhfgtincgcdhnk
>Streptomyces_sp._NBRC_110027  coded_by=complement(871200..872096),organism=Streptomyces sp. NBRC 110027,definition=urease gamma/beta subunit
miearltpseaifrvprhawphalsaqekrlivhltpheqerllihvaadvaqrrrdsglllnypevmalltvhvfeqaragktvsdimdsgrqllsrdevmdgvpemiknvqveatfpdgtklvtlhdpfpeateepevypgkvehprpprkpdcpvdcrgdgsssccdkcreaeavswyeaiefnadlqedaptlpgegrtrirvknvsdrpiqvgshyhfaevnpglkvlkvevpsgpglespqelkdceaawmrrlniaagtsvrfepgdeccvelveiqgdrqakglreethq
